"Judge rejects Apple bid for injunction against Amazon " "SAN FRANCISCO A U.S. judge denied Apple Inc's attempt to quickly stop online retailer Amazon.com Inc from using the ""App Store"" name  according to a court document."
"Judge rejects Apple bid for injunction against Amazon " " SAN FRANCISCO  July 6 A U.S. judge denied Apple Inc's  attempt to quickly stop online retailer Amazon.com Inc  from using the ""App Store"" name  according to a court document."
"EBay sales strong in June -- ChannelAdvisor " " SAN FRANCISCO  July 11 Retailers generated strong sales growth through eBay Inc  Inc in June  e-commerce software company ChannelAdvisor said on Monday."
"EBay sales strong in June: report " "SAN FRANCISCO Retailers generated strong sales growth through eBay Inc  Inc in June  e-commerce software company ChannelAdvisor said on Monday."
"PRESS DIGEST - British business - July 11 " " BABY-BOOMERS BILL WILL SEND DEBT SPIRALLING  SAYS OBR"
"Target to sell new electronic reader " "   * Device to be fully integrated with Google eBooks platform"
"Target to sell new electronic reader " "SAN FRANCISCO Target Corp will soon start selling a new electronic reader that competes with Amazon.com Inc's Kindle and Barnes & Noble's Nook."
"Amazon seeks ballot measure to undo California tax " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc has taken the first step toward asking California voters to repeal a new law requiring websites that forward shoppers to it to collect sales tax  a spokeswoman for the state's attorney general said on Monday."
"Amazon seeks ballot measure to undo California tax " " SAN FRANCISCO  July 11 Amazon.com Inc  has taken the first step toward asking California voters to repeal a new law requiring websites that forward shoppers to it to collect sales tax  a spokeswoman for the state's attorney general said on Monday."
"DEALTALK-Barnes & Noble won't get better bid than Malone's " " NEW YORK/PHILADELPHIA  July 12 Nearly a year after Barnes & Noble Inc  put itself up for sale  the largest U.S. bookstore chain likely will settle for the only firm offer it has received: $1 billion from John Malone's Liberty Media Corp ."
"Dealtalk: Barnes & Noble won't get better bid than Malone's " "NEW YORK/PHILADELPHIA Nearly a year after Barnes & Noble Inc  put itself up for sale  the largest U.S. bookstore chain likely will settle for the only firm offer it has received: $1 billion from John Malone's Liberty Media Corp ."
"Groupon offers 1st car deal  targets bigger items " "* Applying Groupon model to cars a bit problematic -analyst"
"Groupon offers first car deal  targets bigger items " "SAN FRANCISCO Groupon Inc offered its first car coupon on Tuesday  a sign the largest online daily deal company is expanding into bigger-ticket items."
"Netflix raises DVD  streaming plan price by 60 percent " "LOS ANGELES Netflix Inc hiked monthly prices for customers who use both its mail and online services  a move that could steer users toward its growing Internet streaming service."
"Surge in California tax measures seen for 2012 " " * Measures for income tax hike  against online sales tax"
"UPDATE 1-Groupon targets bigger items with car offer " " * Applying Groupon model to cars a bit problematic -analyst"
"UPDATE 1-Netflix raises DVD  streaming plan price by 60 pct " " * Shares up slightly  (Adds company  analyst comment; adds shares)"
"Amazon tablet seen aiming to widen e-commerce lead " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc will launch a tablet computer this year to extend its position as the world's largest Internet retailer  expand in mobile commerce and sell more digital goods  according to analysts and investors."
"JP Morgan upbeat on internet companies " "Bangalore U.S. Internet companies will see double-digit growth in online advertising and e-commerce segments in coming years  helped by a surge in online accessibility through mobile devices and tablets  JP Morgan said  and initiated five major Internet stocks including Netflix   Google  and Amazon ."
"Union grocers stuck in California pressure cooker " "LOS ANGELES A high-stakes supermarket labor dispute in southern California  the nation's toughest and most trend-setting food retail market  is exposing the challenges facing the grocery business and its union workers."
"Union grocers stuck in California pressure cooker " " * Southern California most competitive U.S. grocery market"
"UPDATE 1-Amazon to offer cheaper Kindle  sponsored by AT&T " " NEW YORK  July 13 Amazon.com Inc  said on Wednesday it has struck a sponsorship deal with AT&T Inc  to sell a less expensive version of its Kindle 3G digital reader."
"UPDATE 3-Amazon tablet seen aiming to widen e-commerce lead " " * Tablet to be released by October  to run on Android -WSJ"
"Borders loses Najafi deal  may face liquidation " "NEW YORK Borders Group Inc  moved closer to going out of business as a bankruptcy judge approved a plan to liquidate the second-largest U.S. book retailer after a sale to private equity firm Najafi Cos fell apart."
"PRESS DIGEST - New York Times business news - July 14 " " July 14 The following were the top stories in The New York Times business pages on Thursday. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy."
"PRESS DIGEST - Wall Street Journal - July 14 " " July 14 The following were the top stories in The Wall Street Journal on Thursday. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy."
"S.Korea-Market Factors to watch July 15 " " July 15 Following is a list of events in South Korea as well as news stories and press reports which may influence financial markets. (Reuters News welcomes your feedback and for any queries  please contact the Seoul newsroom at +822 3704 5640 or via email at kr.rtrs@gmail.com)   	 Bank of Korea's revised H2 forecasts	 BOK revisits its second-half economic forecasts in three months  after the finance ministry lifted its 2011 inflation forecast to 4.0 percent from about 3.0 percent a"
"UPDATE 3-Borders loses Najafi deal  may face liquidation " " * Sunday deadline for submitting bids  (Adds comment from Borders lawyer  details from hearing  NEW YORK to dateline)"
"UPDATE 4-Borders loses Najafi deal  may face liquidation " " * 11 000 employees face job loss  (Adds judge approving possible liquidation plan  other details from hearing; adds byline)"
"UPDATE 5-Borders loses Najafi deal  may face liquidation " " * 11 000 employees face job loss  (Adds detail on potential Barnes & Noble interest  Najafi comment  analyst comment)"
"Apple stock looks cheap ahead of results " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc  should deliver yet another bumper quarter  but some investors are holding out for a monstrous second half when the new iPhone hits and a new online content service takes wing."
"Decision soon for California's 'Amazon tax' measure " " SAN FRANCISCO  July 15 Amazon.com Inc   the world's largest on-line retailer  will learn by Monday if a proposed measure to roll back a new California law taxing sales over the Internet moves on to its next step in seeking a place on the state's ballot."
"PREVIEW-Apple stock looks cheap ahead of results " " * Market awaits new iPhone  iPad supply crunch seen easing"
"Astronauts pack up for last shuttle ride home " " HOUSTON  July 17 The shuttle Atlantis astronauts finished packing more 2 tons of old equipment and trash from the International Space Station into a cargo hauler on Sunday for the last shuttle ride back to Earth."
"Astronauts pack up for last shuttle ride home " "HOUSTON The shuttle Atlantis astronauts finished packing more than 2 tonnes of old equipment and trash from the International Space Station into a cargo hauler on Sunday for the last shuttle ride back to Earth. | Video "
"UPDATE 1-Astronauts pack up for last shuttle ride home " " * Landing set for 5:57 a.m. EDT Thursday in Florida  (Updates with details of cargo transfer  adds quote from briefing)"
"Books-A-Million in talks on Borders stores-sources " " * Books-A-Million in talks for less than 50 stores-sources"
"Books-A-Million in talks on Borders stores: sources " "NEW YORK Borders Group Inc  has entered talks to sell a small number of stores to retailer Books-A-Million Inc  while hundreds of its other locations could be liquidated  according to two sources close to Borders' bankruptcy process."
"Borders  unable to find white knight  to liquidate " "NEW YORK Borders Group Inc  the second-largest U.S. bookstore chain  said it has canceled an upcoming bankruptcy auction and will close its doors for good."
"CORRECTED - US shuttle prepares to depart station for last time " " (Corrects to read ""134 previous shuttle missions "" not 98  in 10th paragraph)"
"Decision soon for California's ""Amazon tax"" measure " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc   the world's largest on-line retailer  will learn by Monday if a proposed measure to roll back a new California law taxing sales over the Internet moves on to its next step in seeking a place on the state's ballot."
"Factbox: A history of Borders Group " "NEW YORK An auction in bankruptcy court for Borders Group Inc  is scheduled to take place in Manhattan on Tuesday. A group of liquidators has been made the ""stalking horse "" and sources told Reuters no other bids have been made for the company in its entirety."
"FACTBOX-A history of Borders Group " " NEW YORK  July 18 An auction in bankruptcy court for Borders Group Inc  is scheduled to take place in Manhattan on Tuesday. A group of liquidators has been made the ""stalking horse "" and sources told Reuters no other bids have been made for the company in its entirety. [ID:nN1E76H0U3]"
"Mobile devices to lead consumer electronics growth: report " "NEW YORK More customers than ever will buy tablet computers and smartphones this year  driving consumer electronics revenue to a record high of $190 billion in 2011  according to a new forecast from a leading industry trade group."
"Space shuttle prepares to depart station for last time " "HOUSTON The crew of NASA's final space shuttle mission closed the hatch to the International Space Station for the final time on Monday in preparation for the shuttle's last flight back to Earth. | Video "
"UPDATE 4-Borders  unable to find white knight  to liquidate " " * Process will close 400 stores  cost 11 000 jobs  (Adds detail on liquidation process)"
"Borders demise seen a small help to Barnes & Noble " "   * Borders liquidation to help B&N sales longer-term"
"Borders demise seen a small help to Barnes & Noble " "NEW YORK Bookstore chain Barnes & Noble Inc  will eventually feel a modest boost from the liquidation of its largest rival  Borders Group Inc  but still faces stiff competition and an industrywide decline in book sales  Wall Street analysts said."
"Borders  unable to find white knight  to liquidate " "NEW YORK Borders Group Inc  the second-largest U.S. bookstore chain  said it has canceled an upcoming bankruptcy auction and will close its doors for good."
"Factbox: A history of Borders Group Inc " "NEW YORK Borders Group Inc said on Monday it would liquidate after being unable to find a white knight willing to keep it alive as a going concern."
"FACTBOX-A history of Borders Group Inc " " NEW YORK  July 19 Borders Group Inc  said on Monday it would liquidate after being unable to find a white knight willing to keep it alive as a going concern. [ID:nN1E76H1LQ]"
"Frustrated judge pushes Google digital book deal " " * Judge says imposing deadline could help speed resolution"
"Frustrated judge pushes Google digital book deal " "NEW YORK A Manhattan federal judge set a September 15 deadline for Google Inc  authors and publishers to come up with a legal plan to create the world's largest digital library  expressing frustration that the six-year-old dispute has not been resolved."
"UPDATE 5-Borders  unable to find white knight  to liquidate " " * Process will close 400 stores  cost 11 000 jobs  (Adds quote from Najafi in paragraphs 7 8)"
"Amazon adds streaming video from CBS " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc has licensed thousands of television shows from CBS Corp to help the largest Internet retailer compete with DVD rental and video streaming company Netflix Inc."
"Analysis: Groupon growth lures rivals and regulators " "SAN FRANCISCO Groupon Inc's rapid growth has attracted rivals and regulators  a twin threat to the largest online daily deal company as it gets ready for an initial public offering."
"Exclusive: Google offers credit card to advertisers " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc is introducing a credit card for its advertising customers  offering its clients a credit line to try and drum up business as competition in the online ad market heats up."
"Samsung takes shot at iPad with new Galaxy Tab " "SEOUL South Korea's Samsung Electronics Co launched a thinner and lighter version of its Galaxy tablet in its lucrative home market  trying to chip into blockbuster sales of Apple Inc's iPad. | Video "
"UPDATE 1-Freescale Q2 profit beats Street view " " July 20 Freescale Semiconductor   which debuted late May on the New York Stock Exchange  posted second-quarter profit ahead of market estimates  helped by a surge in demand for its radio frequency  analog and sensor chips."
"UPDATE 3-Amazon adds streaming video from CBS " " * Deal adds about 2 000 videos to Amazon Prime service  (Adds details on Netflix streaming; updates shares)"
"UPDATE 3-Samsung takes shot at iPad with new Galaxy Tab " " * Worldwide tablet market set to surge to 70 mln this year"
"Analysis: Apple guns for Exxon as king of stocks " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc is within sight of catching up with Exxon Mobil as the most valuable company in the world."
"Back-to-school spending to dip slightly-NRF survey " " NEW YORK  July 21 U.S. shoppers plan to pull back a bit on their spending this back-to-school season  a survey showed on Thursday  the latest sign that the second biggest selling season is not likely to be a boon for retailers."
"Borders liquidation approved by bankruptcy judge " "NEW YORK Borders Group Inc   won bankruptcy court approval on Thursday to liquidate its 40-year-old business  effectively spelling the end for the second-largest U.S. book retailer."
"Borders liquidation approved by bankruptcy judge " "NEW YORK Borders Group Inc   won bankruptcy court approval on Thursday to liquidate its 40-year-old business  effectively spelling the end for the second-largest U.S. book retailer."
"Borders to seek court's OK on plan to shut doors " " NEW YORK  July 21 Borders Group Inc  is set to seek court approval on Thursday for the effective end of its 40-year-old business by hiring liquidators to conduct closing sales at its nearly 400 stores."
"Exclusive: Google offers credit card to advertisers " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc is introducing a credit card for its advertising customers  offering its clients a credit line to try and drum up business as competition in the online ad market heats up."
"UPDATE 2-Borders liquidation approved by bankruptcy judge " " * Hilco  Gordon Bros to take lead on liquidations  (Updates with analysis  detail of potential Books-A-Million deal)"
"UPDATE 4-AT&T profit  subscriber growth beat expectations " " * Shares up slightly in morning trade  (Adds analyst comment  connected device sales  share price)"
"Amazon's next billion-dollar business eyed " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com  Inc's cloud computing unit may be its next billion-dollar business and analysts will be watching for clues on how fast this secretive unit is growing when the Internet retailer reports results next week."
"Amazon's next billion-dollar business eyed " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc's cloud computing unit may be its next billion-dollar business and analysts will be watching for clues on how fast this secretive unit is growing when the Internet retailer reports results next week."
"CORRECTED - PREVIEW-Amazon's next billion-dollar business eyed " " (In July 21 story  deletes word ""extra"" when referring to computing power in paragraphs 2 and 7)"
"CORRECTED - RPT-PREVIEW-Amazon's next billion-dollar business eyed " " (In July 21 story  deletes word ""extra"" when referring to computing power in paragraphs 2 and 7)"
"Spartoo hires Jefferies to help raise cash " " PARIS/LONDON  July 22 Spartoo  a French online shoe retailer  has hired investment bank Jefferies to help it raise 100 million euros from a new investor as it seeks to expand  sources familiar with the situation said."
"Amazon revenue surges  stock jumps " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc reported a surge in quarterly revenue on sales of its kindle electronic reader and other electronics and forecast far better-than-expected revenue for the current quarter  sending its shares up more than 6 percent."
"Instant view: Amazon results beat Street  margins wane " "LOS ANGELES Amazon.com Inc reported a dip in earnings but its revenue forecast raced past Wall Street's expectations  propelling its shares higher in after-hours trade."
"PRESS DIGEST - Financial Times - July 26 " " News Corp shareholder Prince Alwaleed bin Talal has rebuffed calls to change the company's dual-class share structure or leadership in the wake of the phone-hacking affair. http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/101b1844-b60d-11e0-8bed-00144feabdc0.html#axzz1T3bCNK00"
"UPDATE 4-Amazon revenue surges  stock jumps " " * Shares up 6.3 percent in after-hours trading  (Adds analyst comment  business background)"
"US STOCKS-Futures up after Ford results  eyes on debt talks " " * Case-Shiller  consumer confidence  new home sales due"
"Walmart puts Vudu on its main site to drive use " "CHICAGO Wal-Mart Stores Inc is moving its Vudu video streaming and rental service to a place where it can get attract more eyeballs -- the Walmart.com web site -- as the growing service competes for attention with a variety of video services."
"Walmart puts Vudu on its main site to drive use " " * Vudu prices movie rentals from $1-$6.99; no contracts"
"Amazon revenue and spending surges " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc will use its surging revenue to boost growth and drive expansion into areas such as Web content and cloud computing rather than boost its margins."
"Analysts up Amazon price targets after strong rev view " "Amazon.com Inc's higher-than-expected revenue forecast for the current quarter prompted at least five analysts to raise their target price on the stock  even as indications remain that there will be no let up in spending."
"How to play it: Amazon stock stoked on earnings " "NEW YORK Amazon became the latest Internet company to post stellar earnings this week  after the Internet retailer recorded a 51 percent pop in second-quarter sales."
"RPT-UPDATE 5-Amazon revenue  spending surges; stock jumps " " * Shares up 6.1 percent in after-hours trading  (Rewrites first paragraph  adds details on spending  profit margins)"
"Toys R Us to carry Kindle " "NEW YORK Toys R Us  the world's largest toy retailer  said its U.S. stores will carry Amazon.com's Kindle electronic reader and related accessories starting July 31."
"Toys R Us to carry Kindle; OfficeMax to carry Nook " " NEW YORK  July 27 Toys R Us  the world's largest toy retailer  said its U.S. stores will carry Amazon.com's  Kindle electronic reader and related accessories starting July 31."
"US STOCKS-Futures dip as debt stalemate curbs risk appetite " " * Futures off: S&P 2.9 pts  Dow 7 pts  Nasdaq 6.5 pts"
"US STOCKS-Futures down as debt stalemate curbs risk appetite " " * Financials eyed after Goldman downgrades European banks"
"US STOCKS-Wall St falls for 3rd day on debt ceiling worries " " * Indexes down: Dow 1 pct  S&P 1.4 pct  Nasdaq 2 pct"
"US STOCKS-Wall Street set to open lower on debt deadlock " " * Futures off: S&P 4.4 pts  Dow 16 pts  Nasdaq 12.75 pts"
"Amazon unveils latest video streaming deal " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com unveiled its latest video streaming deal on Thursday as the world's largest Internet retailer adds more digital content ahead of the expected launch of a new tablet computer later this year."
"LivingSocial CEO: mobile is potential game-changer " " * Tippr CEO: location-based instant deals may not catch on"
"SpaceX eyes Nov. 30 cargo launch to space station " " CAPE CANAVERAL  Fla.  July 28 Space Exploration Technologies  a privately owned firm developing a space taxi with U.S.-government backing  plans to launch its second test capsule on Nov. 30 and send it all the way to the International Space Station  a company manager said on Thursday."
"SpaceX eyes November 30 cargo launch to space station " "CAPE CANAVERAL  Florida Space Exploration Technologies  a privately owned firm developing a space taxi with U.S.-government backing  plans to launch its second test capsule on November 30 and send it all the way to the International Space Station  a company manager said on Thursday."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon unveils latest video streaming deal " " SAN FRANCISCO  July 28 Amazon.com  unveiled its latest video streaming deal on Thursday as the world's largest Internet retailer adds more digital content ahead of the expected launch of a new tablet computer later this year."
"Senator supports online sales tax reform " "WASHINGTON Cash-strapped states seeking to collect billions in taxes from online transactions gained an ally in Washington on Friday when a senator introduced a bill for a federal solution to the problem."
"U.S. senator supports online sales tax reform " " WASHINGTON  July 29 Cash-strapped states seeking to collect billions in taxes from online transactions gained an ally in Washington on Friday when a U.S. senator introduced a bill for a federal solution to the problem."
"Amazon flies high  may rise 25 pct more-Barron's " " * Stock could rise 10-25 pct  hit record high on July 27"
"Amazon flies high  may rise 25 percent more: Barron's " "NEW YORK Amazon.com Inc shares  just below their all-time high  could rise 10 percent to 25 percent if its capital spending translates to fast growth in its retailing  Kindle e-readers and cloud-computing businesses  Barron's said in its August 1 edition."
"PREVIEW-Big media rings up sales as advertisers keep coming " "   * Results due from CBS  Time Warner  Disney in next 2 weeks"
"Rue La La expands Rue Local business " " * Local offers launching in San Francisco  Chicago  Miami"
"Senator supports online sales tax reform " "WASHINGTON Cash-strapped states seeking to collect billions in taxes from online transactions gained an ally in Washington on Friday when a senator introduced a bill for a federal solution to the problem."
"LivingSocial enters Korea with biggest acquisition " "SEOUL LivingSocial agreed to buy South Korean online daily deal provider TicketMonster in a stock-swap to expand further into the Asian market  the companies said on Tuesday  without disclosing the value of the deal."
"UPDATE 2-LivingSocial enters Korea with biggest acquisition " " * Acquisition is LivingSocial's ninth in past year  (Adds background on acquisition  IPO  quotes)"
"Google+  Apple's iCloud keep developers interested " " TORONTO  Aug 3 Mobile developers more than ever want to devote their energies to writing apps for Apple's iOS and Google's Android platforms at the expense of their less popular rivals  a study released on Wednesday showed."
"Google+  Apple's iCloud keep developers keen " "TORONTO Mobile developers more than ever want to devote their energies to writing apps for Apple's iOS and Google's Android platforms at the expense of their less popular rivals  a study released on Wednesday showed."
"Borders landlords wary of lease sale plan " " NEW YORK  Aug 4 Borders Group Inc's  plan to auction its leases as it liquidates its bookstores is meeting opposition from landlords  who say the plan does not protect their interests."
"Borders landlords wary of lease sale plan " "NEW YORK Borders Group Inc's  plan to auction its leases as it liquidates its bookstores is meeting opposition from landlords  who say the plan does not protect their interests."
"Baseball bats  police batons online sales boom in UK " " LONDON  Aug 9 Sales of baseball bats and batons have shot up more than 5 000 percent in the last 24 hours on Amazon's British website  as London suffered its worst violent unrest in decades."
"Baseball bats  police batons online sales boom in UK " "LONDON Sales of baseball bats and batons have shot up more than 5 000 percent in the last 24 hours on Amazon's British website  as London suffered its worst violent unrest in decades."
"Borders wins court OK to auction name  leases " " * Judge approves bidding schedule over landlord opposition"
"Borders wins court OK to auction name  leases " "NEW YORK A bankruptcy judge authorized Borders Group Inc on Wednesday to auction its name and real estate assets  the latest step in the liquidation of the nation's second-largest bookseller."
"Wal-Mart's Vudu launches on iPad without an app " " SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 9 Wal-Mart Stores Inc's  Vudu video-streaming service launches on Apple Inc's  iPad on Wednesday  but it doesn't come with the type of app that's common on the best-selling tablet computer."
"Wal-Mart's Vudu launches on iPad without an app " "SAN FRANCISCO Wal-Mart Stores Inc's Vudu video-streaming service launches on Apple Inc's iPad on Wednesday  but it doesn't come with the type of app that's common on the best-selling tablet computer."
"$25 billion Groupon valuation ""very high"": analyst " "SAN FRANCISCO Estimates that Groupon Inc is worth $25 billion are very high because the largest online daily deals company is losing money  Benchmark Co analyst Fred Moran said on Friday."
"$25 bln Groupon valuation 'very high' -analyst " " SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 12 Estimates that Groupon Inc is worth $25 billion are very high because the largest online daily deals company is losing money  Benchmark Co analyst Fred Moran said on Friday."
"PRESS DIGEST - New York Times business news - August 15 " " Aug 15 The following were the top stories on The New York Times business pages on Monday. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy."
"Cloud firm Box.net seeks $35 million in new funding " "SAN FRANCISCO Cloud-storage and file-sharing company Box.net is raising $35 million in new funding  underscoring again the appeal of one of Silicon Valley's hottest investment areas."
"Cloud firm Box.net seeks $35 mln in new funding " " * Cloud company has already raised $18.7 million of total"
"Liberty mulls Barnes & Noble options: source " "NEW YORK John Malone's Liberty Media Corp   which in May offered to buy Barnes & Noble Inc    is exploring additional options  including making only a small investment in the U.S. book store chain rather than buying it outright  a source familiar with the matter said."
"PRESS DIGEST - New York Times business news - Aug 17 " " Aug 17 The following were the top stories on The New York Times business pages on Wednesday. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy."
"PRESS DIGEST - Wall Street Journal - Aug 17 " " Aug 17 The following were the top stories in The Wall Street Journal on Wednesday. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy."
"Liberty takes stake in  but doesn't buy Barnes & Noble " "CHICAGO Barnes & Noble Inc  on Thursday said that John Malone's Liberty Media   invested $204 million in the bookseller  but discussions for Liberty to buy the company have ended."
"Hulu bids due Wednesday  wide range seen - WSJ " " PHILADELPHIA  Aug 21 Initial takeover bids for video service Hulu LLC are due on Wednesday and offers could range from about $500 million to $2 billion  The Wall Street Journal reported on Sunday."
"MP3tunes wins end to part of EMI copyright case " " * MP3tunes said to infringe copyrights on downloaded works"
"European stores slash prices for defunct HP tablet " " LONDON/FRANKFURT  Aug 23 European retailers slashed prices for Hewlett-Packard's TouchPad computers on Monday and Tuesday after just seven weeks on the shelves  in the wake of the U.S. company's announcement that it would kill off the tablet."
"MP3tunes wins end to part of EMI copyright case " "NEW YORK A federal judge on Monday narrowed a lawsuit by EMI Group Ltd and 14 record companies and music publishers that accused MP3tunes LLC of letting users copy their songs without permission."
"Toys R Us puts baby gear near toys in more stores " " NEW YORK  Aug 23 Toys ""R"" Us [TOY.UL] is opening 21 new stores this year that will sell toys side-by-side with products such as baby food and laundry supplies  the world's largest toy retailer said on Tuesday."
"UPDATE 1-MP3tunes wins end to part of EMI copyright case " " * MP3tunes said to infringe copyrights on downloaded works"
"Hulu seen drawing bids from Yahoo  others -sources " " NEW YORK  Aug 24 The deadline for initial bids in the auction for Hulu was extended from Wednesday until the end of the week to allow interested parties more time to examine the online video site's financial information  according to people familiar with the situation."
"Hulu seen drawing bids from Yahoo  others: sources " "NEW YORK The deadline for initial bids in the auction for Hulu was extended from Wednesday until the end of the week to allow interested parties more time to examine the online video site's financial information  according to people familiar with the situation."
"Amazon launches local deals site for New York " "NEW YORK Amazon.com Inc said on Thursday it has launched a local deals site in New York in its latest effort to compete with Groupon Inc."
"Hulu seen drawing bids from Yahoo  others: sources " "NEW YORK The deadline for initial bids in the auction for Hulu was extended from Wednesday until the end of the week to allow interested parties more time to examine the online video site's financial information  according to people familiar with the situation."
"Pandora Media revenue beats on strong ad sales " "NEW YORK Online radio service Pandora Media Inc reported results that beat expectations on strong advertising sales in its fiscal second quarter."
"SK Telecom says no plan to bid for Hulu " " SEOUL  Aug 25 South Korea's top mobile carrier  SK Telecom   said on Thursday that it had no plans to bid for U.S. online video site Hulu."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon launches local deals site for New York " " NEW YORK  Aug 25 Amazon.com Inc  said on Thursday it has launched a local deals site in New York in its latest effort to compete with Groupon Inc."
"UPDATE 3-Pandora Media revenue beats on strong ad sales " " * Adj EPS 2 cents vs loss of 3 cents per share St. view"
"Amazon may sell 3-5 million tablets in Q4: Forrester " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc may sell as many as 5 million tablet computers in the fourth quarter  making the largest Internet retailer the top competitor to Apple Inc in this fast-growing niche of the consumer PC market  Forrester Research said on Monday."
"Amazon may sell 3-5 mln tablets in Q4-Forrester " " SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 29 Amazon.com Inc  may sell as many as five million tablet computers in the fourth quarter  making the largest Internet retailer the top competitor to Apple Inc  in this fast-growing niche of the consumer PC market  Forrester Research said on Monday."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon may sell 3-5 mln tablets in Q4 -Forrester " " * New tablet may lure more developers to Android  (Adds Venture Capitalist comments)"
"UPDATE 1-Nordstrom offers free shipping to lift online sales " " NEW YORK  Aug 29 Nordstrom Inc  is offering free shipping on orders placed on its website regardless of size in a move to lift online sales."
"Amazon may sell 3-5 million tablets in Q4: Forrester " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc may sell as many as 5 million tablet computers in the fourth quarter  making the largest Internet retailer the top competitor to Apple Inc in this fast-growing niche of the consumer PC market  Forrester Research said on Monday."
"Barnes & Noble sees strong Nook growth " "NEW YORK Barnes & Noble Inc forecast sales of its Nook e-reader and e-books would more than double this fiscal year to $1.8 billion and said book sales would get a lift from the demise of rival Borders  sending its shares up 8 percent"
"eBay eyes up to 40 percent jump in China sales " "HONG KONG eBay Inc  expects sales from greater China to grow 30-40 percent annually from about $4 billion in 2010  with the e-commerce giant seeking acquisition opportunities as part of efforts to expand its footprint in the fast-growing market."
"eBay eyes up to 40 percent jump in China sales " "HONG KONG eBay Inc expects sales from greater China to grow 30-40 percent annually from about $4 billion in 2010  with the e-commerce giant seeking acquisition opportunities as part of efforts to expand its footprint in the fast-growing market."
"Freemium businesses boom as computing costs fall " " SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 30 Start-up companies using ""freemium"" business models  including Dropbox  SurveyMonkey  Animoto and Eventbrite  are thriving as the cost of computing power and storage falls."
"Freemium businesses boom as computing costs fall " "SAN FRANCISCO Start-up companies using ""freemium"" business models  including Dropbox  SurveyMonkey  Animoto and Eventbrite  are thriving as the cost of computing power and storage falls."
"UPDATE 4-Barnes & Noble sees strong Nook growth;shares jump " " * Sees FY loss 10-50 cts/share vs Street view loss 16 cts"
"eBay pins China hopes " "HONG KONG eBay Inc expects sales from large exporters in China to maintain growth at 30-40 percent annually  with the e-commerce giant seeking acquisition opportunities as part of efforts to expand its footprint in the fast-growing market."
"Amazon offers California jobs if it drops tax " " * Lawmakers also aim to block Amazon's referendum effort"
"Amazon offers California jobs if it drops tax " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc has proposed a hiring spree of 7 000 jobs in California if state leaders put a recently enacted online sales tax on hold for two years."
"Borders sues Next Jump over use of customer data " "NEW YORK Bankrupt bookseller Borders Group Inc  has sued Next Jump Inc  accusing the website operator of attempting to steal its customers."
"Borders sues Next Jump over use of customer data " " NEW YORK  Sept 1 Bankrupt bookseller Borders Group Inc  has sued Next Jump Inc  accusing the website operator of attempting to steal its customers."
"BUY OR SELL-Digital River: mobile shift stirs undertow " " * Outlook trimmed on weak shareware; other businesses strong"
"Milner  Conway back ex-Google China chief's tech fund " "HONG KONG Innovation Works  founded by former Google  China head Kai-Fu Lee  said Facebook investor Yuri Milner and American angel investor Ron Conway are among financial backers of its Internet fund that has just raised $180 million to help young Chinese grow their startup firms."
"Milner  Conway back Google ex-China chief's $180 mln tech fund " " HONG KONG  Sept 1 Innovation Works  founded by former Google China head Kai-Fu Lee  said Facebook investor Yuri Milner and American angel investor Ron Conway are among financial backers of its Internet fund that has just raised $180 million to help young Chinese grow their start-up firms."
"Amazon tablet coming November at $250: TechCrunch " "LOS ANGELES Amazon.com Inc plans to unveil a cheaper  smaller $250 rival to Apple Inc's iPad tablet device in November  industry blog TechCrunch reported on Friday."
"Amazon tablet coming November at $250-TechCrunch " " LOS ANGELES  Sept 2 Amazon.com Inc  plans to unveil a cheaper  smaller $250 rival to Apple Inc's  iPad tablet device in November  industry blog TechCrunch reported on Friday."
"Ex-employee sues Borders over mass layoffs " "NEW YORK A Borders Group Inc unit failed to give its workers proper notice of mass layoffs when it announced plan to liquidate in July  a new lawsuit alleges."
"Ex-employee sues Borders over mass layoffs " " NEW YORK  Sept 2 A Borders Group Inc  unit failed to give its workers proper notice of mass layoffs when it announced plan to liquidate in July  a new lawsuit alleges."
"Next Jump to stop emailing Borders customers " "NEW YORK Marketing engine Next Jump Inc agreed to stop emailing Borders Group Inc's customers while the parties hash out how to move forward in trademark infringement litigation  a lawyer for Borders said on Friday."
"UPDATE 1-Next Jump to stop emailing Borders customers " "   * Agrees after Borders sought temporary restraining order"
"Amazon reworks website before new tablet: reports " " * Online store better displays digital wares: tech blogger"
"Amazon reworks website before offering new tablet " "NEW YORK Amazon.com Inc is rolling out a major redesign of its familiar website as it prepares to offer a new $250 tablet device to rival Apple Inc's iPad."
"FEATURE-Upstart gets jump on Amazon in India's nascent e-shopping market " " BANGALORE  Sept 4 On some days when they were starting out  the Bansals would get on a motorbike to make the rounds of book warehouses around Bangalore  ride back to their two-bedroom apartment and package up orders for online customers."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon reworks website before offering new tablet " " * Online store better displays digital wares: tech blogger"
"Upstart gets jump on Amazon in India's nascent e-shopping market " "BANGALORE On some days when they were starting out  the Bansals would get on a motorbike to make the rounds of book warehouses around Bangalore  ride back to their two-bedroom apartment and package up orders for online customers."
"PRESS DIGEST - New York Times business news - Sept 5 " " Sept 5 The following were the top stories in The New York Times business pages on Monday. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy."
"PRESS DIGEST - Wall Street Journal - Sept 5 " " Sept 5 The following were the top stories in The Wall Street Journal on Monday. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy."
"Amazon steps up social media efforts " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc is stepping up social media efforts after the largest Internet retailer partially missed one of the hottest technology trends of recent years."
"EBay hires ex-Thomson Reuters executive Wenig " "SAN FRANCISCO EBay Inc hired former Thomson Reuters Corp executive Devin Wenig as president of its global marketplaces unit  the online commerce and auction site's largest division."
"FEATURE-Amazon steps up social media efforts " "* Internet retailer hires Yurcisin as director of social media  * Amazon building Social Games Group fast  * Late to the social media field  trails Facebook  Zynga"
"Next Jump to take down Borders website " " * Accused by Borders of using website to steal customers"
"Next Jump to take down Borders website " "NEW YORK Next Jump Inc has agreed not to contact Borders Group Inc's  customers or operate its website  resolving Borders' bid for an injunction over trademark infringement allegations against the marketing engine."
"UPDATE 1-Next Jump to take down Borders website " " * Accused by Borders of using website to steal customers  (Adds that Next Jump will purge Borders' customer list in fifth graph)"
"UPDATE 3-EBay hires ex-Thomson Reuters executive Wenig " " * Wenig brings merger integration experience  (Adds context on importance of Wenig's new position)"
"Amazon's Selipsky bullish on AWS profitability " "SEATTLE Ever since Amazon Web Services emerged as the next big thing for e-commerce giant Amazon.com Inc a few years ago  Wall Street has debated whether the business mints money or just breaks even."
"Amazon's Selipsky bullish on AWS profitability " " SEATTLE  Sept 7 Ever since Amazon Web Services emerged as the next big thing for e-commerce giant Amazon.com Inc  a few years ago  Wall Street has debated whether the business mints money or just breaks even."
"Best Buy unveils new third-party Marketplace " "SAN FRANCISCO Best Buy Co said on Wednesday it will offer products online from other sellers through a new third-party Marketplace as the electronics retailer tries to better compete with Internet rivals Amazon.com and eBay Inc."
"Best Buy unveils new third-party marketplace " " SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 7 Best Buy Co  said on Wednesday it will offer products online from other sellers through a new third-party Marketplace as the electronics retailer tries to better compete with online rivals Amazon.com  and eBay Inc ."
"EBay hires ex-Thomson Reuters executive Wenig " "SAN FRANCISCO EBay Inc hired former Thomson Reuters Corp executive Devin Wenig as president of its global marketplaces unit  the online commerce and auction site's largest division."
"UPDATE 1-Best Buy unveils new third-party Marketplace " " * Buy.com among six third-party sellers signed up  (Adds details of third-party sellers  share price  exec comment)"
"Amazon in deal with legislators over tax law - LA Times " " Sept 8 Amazon.com Inc is in a deal with legislators to avoid a ballot battle over the state's insistence that the online retailer collect state sales tax on purchases by Californians  the LA Times said."
"Amazon sales tax deal in Calif. may help rivals " " SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 8 Amazon.com Inc's  agreement to start collecting sales tax in California next year may help brick and mortar rivals compete better on price with the world's largest Internet retailer."
"Amazon sales tax deal in California may help rivals " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc's agreement to start collecting sales tax in California next year may help brick and mortar rivals compete better on price with the world's largest Internet retailer."
"Amazon sales tax deal in California may help rivals " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc's agreement to start collecting sales tax in California next year may help brick and mortar rivals compete on prices with the world's largest Internet retailer."
"California may give Amazon year-long tax reprieve " "SAN FRANCISCO California lawmakers rushed to write a bill to give Amazon.com Inc a one-year reprieve from collecting certain sales taxes in exchange for dropping its ballot measure campaign to undo the tax  aides said on Thursday."
"California may give Amazon year-long tax reprieve " " SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 8 California lawmakers rushed to write a bill to give Amazon.com Inc  a one-year reprieve from collecting certain sales taxes in exchange for dropping its ballot measure campaign to undo the tax  aides said on Thursday."
"DirecTV streams NFL games for added sales " "NEW YORK DirecTV is expanding its NFL Sunday Ticket television package  which lets viewers watch football outside their local markets  to see if it can make some extra money from broadcasting the games on the Internet."
"DirecTV streams NFL games for added sales " " * Streaming-only NFL option could be new revenue source"
"Ozon.ru wins biggest Russian e-commerce investment " " LONDON  Sept 8 Russia's leading online retailer Ozon.ru has secured funding of $100 million  the biggest private investment to date in Russia's e-commerce market  from a consortium including Japanese online retailer Rakuten ."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon sales tax deal in Calif. may help rivals " " * Online price advantage may shrink  (Adds comments from National Retail Federation)"
"Amazon sales tax deal in California may help rivals " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc's agreement to start collecting sales tax in California next year may help brick and mortar rivals compete on prices with the world's largest Internet retailer."
"EBay shares slip on concern over US Postal Service closures " " * Big Internet retailers  like Amazon  may be less exposed"
"EBay shares slip on concern over U.S. Postal Service closures " "SAN FRANCISCO EBay Inc  shares dropped more than six percent on Friday on concern the company may be among the most exposed e-commerce players affected by the massive post office closures at the U.S. Postal Service."
"John Wiley eyes greater share of e-book sales: CEO " "Publisher John Wiley & Sons Inc said it is planning a major digital push to grab a bigger slice of the lucrative e-book market  which is witnessing an explosive growth  fueled by the popularity of tablets and e-readers."
"Next Jump hits back in Borders IP lawsuit " " * Says Borders' suit designed to pass blame  extract money"
"PRESS DIGEST - New York Times business news - Sept 9 " " Sept 9 The following were the top stories in The New York Times business pages on Friday. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy."
"PRESS DIGEST - Wall Street Journal - Sept 9 " " Sept 9 The following were the top stories in The Wall Street Journal on Friday. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy."
"UPDATE 1-Next Jump hits back in Borders IP lawsuit " " * Says Borders' suit designed to pass blame  extract money  (Adds comment from Borders)"
"Amazon in talks to launch digital book library -WSJ " " * Amazon's media library similar to Netflix model -report"
"Amazon in talks to launch digital book library: WSJ " "NEW YORK Amazon.com Inc is in talks with book publishers about launching a media library service similar to Netflix Inc for tablets and other digital books  The Wall Street Journal reported on Sunday."
"Amazon in talks to launch digital book library: report " "NEW YORK Amazon.com Inc is in talks with book publishers about launching a media library service similar to Netflix Inc for tablets and other digital books  The Wall Street Journal reported on Sunday."
"Google Offers struggling three months in: report " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc's effort to break into the daily deal industry and challenge industry leaders Groupon and LivingSocial is not going well  according to data released on Monday."
"Google Offers struggling three months in - Yipit " " * LivingSocial revenue in North America slipped last month"
"Best Buy suffers as tech shoppers turn thrifty " "Best Buy Co  reported weaker-than-expected quarterly results and cut its profit outlook for the year as shoppers held off on buying televisions and other nonessential items in the anemic U.S. economy. | Video "
"Fund view: Manning & Napier eyes tech  healthcare for growth " "As U.S. economic growth slows  Manning & Napier is increasing its focus on areas in technology and healthcare that have growth drivers independent of the economy  said Jeffrey Coons  the firm's president and co-director of research."
"Missoni product launch crashes Target website " "  Sept 13 Target Corp  said its Website crashed on Tuesday morning after an overwhelming rush to the site from shoppers interested in a new line of Missoni apparel and other goods  which quickly sold out in many stores."
"UPDATE 1-Missoni product launch crashes Target website " " Sept 13 Target Corp  said its website crashed on Tuesday morning after an overwhelming rush to the site from shoppers interested in a new line of Missoni apparel and other goods  which quickly sold out in many stores."
"Amazon Spain launch may presage new overseas push " " * Expansion may boost revenue  pressure margins-analyst"
"Former Kleiner partner starts social networking site Erly " "SAN FRANCISCO Former Kleiner Perkins partner Eric Feng says there's room for one more social network-- built around experiences  not people."
"Former Kleiner partner starts social networking site Erly " " SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 14 Former Kleiner Perkins partner Eric Feng says there's room for one more social network-- built around experiences  not people."
"Toys R Us holiday mantra: In exclusives we trust " "NEW YORK From squishy garbage-themed collectibles ""The Trash Pack"" to remote-controlled flying fish ""Air Swimmers "" Toys R Us  is carrying a larger assortment of exclusive toys to win holiday shoppers from the likes of Amazon.com  and Wal-Mart Stores ."
"Toys R Us holiday mantra: In exclusives we trust " " * To spend more on TV advertising  offer more online deals"
"D.Post invests as Germans step up online shopping " " HAMBURG  Sept 15 Deutsche Post DHL  plans to invest in its German parcel business as it banks on consumers buying more goods online instead of in bricks-and-mortar stores."
"Judge extends time for Google digital books talks " "NEW YORK Google Inc and authors and publishers groups have about nine more months to untangle their six-year-old legal dispute over plans to create the world's largest digital library  a federal judge said on Thursday."
"Judge extends time for Google digital books talks " " NEW YORK  Sept 15 Google Inc  and authors and publishers groups have about nine more months to untangle their six-year-old legal dispute over plans to create the world's largest digital library  a federal judge said on Thursday."
"Netflix lowers U.S. subscriber forecast; shares fall " "Netflix Inc cut its third-quarter forecast by 1 million U.S. subscribers  sending its shares down nearly 19 percent  as the company known for rapid growth expects more fallout from a price increase on its DVD service. | Video "
"UPDATE 5-Netflix lowers US subscriber forecast; shares fall " " * Shares end 19 pct lower  (Adds comments by Netflix executive  adds analyst comments  updates share prices)"
"EBay builds new division to woo developers " "  * E-commerce giant revives X.com from PayPal's early days"
"EBay builds new division to woo developers " "SAN FRANCISCO Ebay Inc is building a new division to woo developers and attract more merchants as the company tries to emulate the success of Apple Inc's iOS platform in the e-commerce world."
"Hulu sale at risk even as new bids are due " " NEW YORK  Sept 16 The auction of online video site Hulu has been slowed by recent developments which could derail it completely  according to sources familiar with the process."
"Hulu sale at risk even as new bids are due " "NEW YORK The auction of online video site Hulu has been slowed by recent developments which could derail it completely  according to sources familiar with the process."
"CORRECTED-EBay builds new division to woo developers " " (Corrects 14th paragraph of Sept 16 story to show the ratio of profit for ebay vs developer is $1 to $20  not $1 to $15  as earlier sent)"
"CORRECTED - UPDATE 4-Netflix DVDs to be Qwikster  on separate site " " (Corrects spelling of Qwikster in headline  paragraph 10)"
"EBay builds new division to woo developers " "SAN FRANCISCO Ebay Inc is building a new division to woo developers and attract more merchants as the company tries to emulate the success of Apple Inc's iOS platform in the e-commerce world."
"Hulu sale at risk even as new bids are due " "NEW YORK The auction of online video site Hulu has been slowed by recent developments which could derail it completely  according to sources familiar with the process."
"Netflix splits DVD and streaming services " "LOS ANGELES Top video rental company Netflix Inc split off its DVD service to a separate website called Qwikster  setting off another round of complaints from customers already angry at a price increase and sending its shares down 7 percent."
"RPT-EBay builds new division to woo developers " " (Corrects in 14th paragraph the ratio of profit for ebay vs developer to $1 to $20  not $1 to $15  as earlier sent)"
"RPT-Hulu sale at risk even as new bids are due " " NEW YORK  Sept 16 The auction of online video site Hulu has been slowed by recent developments which could derail it completely  according to sources familiar with the process."
"UPDATE 6-Netflix splits DVD and streaming services " " * DVD service renamed Qwikster  with own separate website"
"NASA unveils new plan to buy rides for astronauts " " CAPE CANAVERAL  Fla.  Sept 19 NASA plans to spend $1.6 billion over the next two years bolstering industry efforts to develop space taxis  officials said on Monday."
"NASA unveils new plan to buy rides for astronauts " "CAPE CANAVERAL  Florida NASA plans to spend $1.6 billion over the next two years bolstering industry efforts to develop space taxis  officials said on Monday."
"PRESS DIGEST - British business - Sept 20 " " UBS  has been criticised by a leading shareholder group for appointing the chairman of its internal risk committee to head an internal probe into why the bank failed to prevent its rogue trading scandal."
"French papers team up to break Apple stranglehold " " * Growing dismay among publishers on Apple's iPad terms"
"French papers team up to break Apple stranglehold " "PARIS Apple's tight control over media content on its iPad is about to fall foul of some of France's most powerful newspapers and magazines  which hope that by teaming up they can stop the technology giant from dictating the terms of their distribution."
"PocketCloud hits emerging mobile cloud market " " Sept 21 U.S. firm Wyse Technology on Wednesday rolled out a new version of its PocketCloud application  enabling free sharing of music and videos between consumers' mobile devices."
"Privacy terms throw snag in B&N-Borders IP deal " " * Barnes & Noble won Borders' customer info at auction"
"UPDATE 1-Wyse PocketCloud hits emerging mobile clound market " " * Prices service at $1/month  well below rivals  (Adds analyst comment  details)"
"UPDATE 2-Netflix  Discovery in streaming deal for TV shows " " * Discovery's first major release of long-form Web content  (Adds Netflix comments)"
"Wyse PocketCloud hits emerging mobile cloud market " "U.S.-based Wyse Technology has rolled out a new version of its PocketCloud application  enabling free sharing of music and videos between consumers' mobile devices."
"Amazon web services puts snag behind it  sees more cloud " "BANGALORE Amazon's cloud computing unit has taken steps to avoid a repeat of the outage of its cloud services platform earlier this year and customer interest has only grown since  a top company executive said."
"Borders' IP sale to Barnes & Noble on hold " " * Barnes & Noble lawyer ""concerned"" deal may fall apart"
"Borders' IP sale to Barnes & Noble on hold " "NEW YORK Borders Group Inc's plan to sell customer information to former rival Barnes & Noble Inc hit a snag on Thursday when a judge raised questions about the company's privacy policy."
"PREVIEW-Competitors circle around as Netflix stumbles " " LOS ANGELES  Sept 22 Missteps by Netflix Inc  have opened the door to competitors to grab disgruntled customers looking for new options for video rentals and instant online streaming."
"Amazon expected to unveil tablet next week " "Amazon.com Inc  which revolutionized reading with its Kindle e-reader  is expected to unveil a tablet computer next week that analysts say will seriously challenge Apple's market dominating iPad."
"Amazon to hold press conference next week " " NEW YORK  Sept 23 Amazon.com Inc  is holding a press conference in New York on coming Wednesday  according to an invite sent to Reuters on Friday."
"Amazon wins ""one-click"" purchasing patent appeal " "WASHINGTON Online retail giant Amazon.com Inc won another round in the patent fight over its ""one-click"" purchasing system as an appeals court ruled on Friday that it did not infringe technology patented by Cordance Corp."
"Amazon wins ""one-click"" purchasing patent appeal " " WASHINGTON  Sept 23 Online retail giant Amazon.com Inc  won another round in the patent fight over its ""one-click"" purchasing system as an appeals court ruled on Friday that it did not infringe technology patented by Cordance Corp."
"California governor signs tax deal with Amazon " "SAN FRANCISCO A peace treaty between California's government and Amazon.com Inc  became official on Friday with Governor Jerry Brown's signature on legislation striking a compromise between the two sides on taxing online sales."
"California governor signs tax deal with Amazon " "SAN FRANCISCO A peace treaty between California's government and Amazon.com Inc became official on Friday with Governor Jerry Brown's signature on legislation striking a compromise between the two sides on taxing online sales."
"California governor signs tax deal with Amazon " " SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 23 A peace treaty between California's government and Amazon.com Inc  became official on Friday with Governor Jerry Brown's signature on legislation striking a compromise between the two sides on taxing online sales."
"Competitors circle around as Netflix stumbles " "LOS ANGELES Missteps by Netflix Inc have opened the door to competitors seeking to grab disgruntled customers who are looking for new options for video rentals and instant online streaming."
"PREVIEW-UPDATE 1-Competitors circle around as Netflix stumbles " " * Tech giants could jump in as Netflix falters  (Adds details paragraphs 3  10)"
"UPDATE 2-Amazon expected to unveil tablet next week " " Sept 23 Amazon.com Inc   which revolutionized reading with its Kindle e-reader  is expected to unveil a tablet computer next week that analysts say will seriously challenge Apple's  market dominating iPad."
"Amazon's tablet serious challenge to Apple's iPad: analysts " "Amazon.com Inc  which revolutionized reading with its Kindle e-reader  is expected to unveil a tablet computer this week that analysts say will seriously challenge Apple's market dominating iPad."
"Borders  B&N get court's OK on $14 million IP sale " "NEW YORK A bankruptcy judge gave Borders Group Inc  the go-ahead to sell its customer information to former rival Barnes & Noble Inc  after both sides addressed concerns about customer privacy."
"Borders  B&N get court's OK on $14 million IP sale " " NEW YORK  Sept 26 A bankruptcy judge gave Borders Group Inc  the go-ahead to sell its customer information to former rival Barnes & Noble Inc  after both sides addressed concerns about customer privacy."
"Netflix edges out HBO for Dreamworks deal-NY Times " " LOS ANGELES  Sept 25 Netflix Inc  has won a deal to pipe Dreamworks Animation  movies starting in 2013  the first time a major Hollywood studio has chosen Internet streaming over traditional pay TV  The New York Times reported on Sunday."
"Netflix signs pay TV deal for Dreamworks animation " "Online video rental company Netflix Inc said it won pay TV rights to Dreamworks Animation movies starting in 2013  the first time a major Hollywood studio has chosen an Internet streaming player over a traditional cable channel."
"PRESS DIGEST - New York Times - Sept 26 " " Sept 26 The New York Times reported the following stories on its business pages on Monday. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon snaps up Fox shows for more streaming " " NEW YORK  Sept 26 Online retailer Amazon.com  expanded its catalog of TV shows and movies for Web streaming by inking a new deal with News Corp's  Fox Networks."
"Best Buy cuts holiday hiring by half " "NEW YORK Best Buy Co  the world's largest consumer electronics chain  will cut its hiring of temporary workers in the United States this holiday season by almost half compared with 2010."
"Netflix signs pay TV deal for Dreamworks animation " "Online video rental company Netflix Inc said it won pay TV rights to Dreamworks Animation movies starting in 2013  the first time a major Hollywood studio has chosen an Internet streaming player over a traditional cable channel. | Video "
"Price of new Amazon tablet could be big attraction " "Amazon.com Inc is expected to launch its long-awaited tablet computer on Wednesday  sporting a low-enough price to give Apple Inc's iPad some serious competition for the first time."
"Price of new Amazon tablet could be big attraction " " * Survey finds consumers favor cheaper tablets--analyst"
"UPDATE 3-Wal-Mart vice chairman to retire " " Sept 27 Wal-Mart Stores Inc  is losing two top e-commerce executives at a time the world's largest retailer is trying to step up online competition with the likes of Amazon.com Inc ."
"Wal-Mart vice chairman to retire " "Wal-Mart Stores Inc  is losing two top e-commerce executives at a time the world's largest retailer is trying to step up online competition with the likes of Amazon.com Inc ."
"Amazon ignites tablet war with Fire  takes on Apple " "NEW YORK Amazon.com Inc took the wraps off its long-awaited ""Kindle Fire"" on Wednesday  tacking on a mass market-friendly $199 price tag that poses a serious threat to the dominance of Apple Inc's two-year-old iPad. | Video "
"Amazon pushes Barnes & Noble's back to the wall " "NEW YORK Amazon.com Inc's aggressive pricing on its Kindle devices leaves Barnes & Noble Inc little choice but to match the online retailer and update its own devices  even if that means more damage to the bookstore chain's bottom line."
"Amazon pushes Barnes & Noble's back to the wall " " NEW YORK  Sept 28 Amazon.com Inc's  aggressive pricing on its Kindle devices leaves Barnes & Noble Inc  little choice but to match the online retailer and update its own devices  even if that means more damage to the bookstore chain's bottom line."
"Amazon to use bricks and mortar to sell tablet " "Amazon.com Inc  the world's largest online retailer  is using bricks-and-mortar stores to help sell its new tablet computer."
"Amazon to use bricks and mortar to sell tablet " " Sept 28 Amazon.com Inc   the world's largest online retailer  is using bricks-and-mortar stores to help sell its new tablet computer."
"REFILE-Groupon gets into online retailing with Groupon Goods " " (Refiles to widen distribution  with no changes to text)"
"Stocks drop  led by commodities on economic fear " "NEW YORK Commodity-related stocks drove Wall Street lower on Wednesday as stiff declines in energy and metals prices underscored investor concerns about global economic weakness and Europe's raging debt crisis. | Video "
"UPDATE 1-Amazon to use bricks and mortar to sell tablet " " * Strategy contrasts with initial Kindle launch in 2007  (Adds comment from Staples)"
"UPDATE 7-Amazon ignites tablet war with Fire  takes on Apple " " * Amazon shares rise  Barnes & Noble dives  (Adds link to FACTBOX)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St drops  led by commodities on economic fear " " * Materials companies' shares slump as commodities fall"
"Analyst says RIM may have halted PlayBook production " " Sept 29 An analyst said on Thursday that BlackBerry maker Research In Motion   may have halted production of its PlayBook tablet computer and canceled additional tablet projects."
"Dow  S&P rise in wild day  Nasdaq takes China hit " "NEW YORK Stocks mostly rose in a volatile session on Thursday as stronger-than-expected economic data and German approval of a beefed-up euro-zone crisis fund relieved two of the worst fears hanging over the market. | Video "
"Netflix shares fall as competition heats up " "LOS ANGELES Netflix Inc  shares slumped 11 percent on Thursday as competitors made moves to attract more customers with alternative options for movie and television content."
"REFILE-US STOCKS-Consumer  tech stocks pressure Wall Street " " (Refiles to add dropped word 'percent' in fifth paragraph)"
"RIM says remains committed to PlayBook tablet " "BlackBerry maker Research In Motion brushed off suggestions on Thursday that it would discontinue production of its PlayBook computer tablet as ""pure fiction"" after an analyst said the company may be considering an exit from the market."
"UPDATE 1-RIM says remains committed to PlayBook tablet " " * Analyst said RIM may have canceled PlayBook production  (Adds RIM statement  share price  background)"
"US STOCKS-Data lifts Wall St  Internet shares weigh " " * Dow up 1.3 pct  S&P 500 up 0.9 pct  Nasdaq up 0.1 pct"
"US STOCKS-Dow  S&P 500 end higher in volatile trade " " * Dow up 1.3 pct  S&P up 0.8 pct  Nasdaq down 0.4 pct"
"US STOCKS-Dow  S&P rise in wild day  Nasdaq takes China hit " " * Dow up 1.3 pct  S&P up 0.8 pct  Nasdaq down 0.4 pct"
"US STOCKS-Wall St rises on data  big Internet names curb Nasdaq " " * Dow up 1.5 pct  S&P 500 up 1.1 pct  Nasdaq up 0.2 pct"
"Amazon's $199 Fire sparks supply  margin questions " " * Amazon's already thin margins may get thinner-analysts"
"Amazon's $199 Fire sparks supply  margin questions " "The rock-bottom price of the new Kindle Fire tablet computer is raising questions about Amazon.com Inc's ability to keep up with demand and the device's effect on the company's already razor-thin profit margins."
"Amazon tablet costs $209.63 to make  IHS estimates " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc's new tablet computer costs $209.63 to make  IHS iSuppli estimated on Friday  but will sell for $199  highlighting how the e-commerce company is taking a financial hit upfront to get the device into as many hands as possible. | Video "
"PRESS DIGEST - Wall Street Journal - Sept 30 " " Sept 30 The following were the top stories in The Wall Street Journal on Friday. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon's $199 Fire sparks supply  margin questions " " * Amazon's already thin margins may get thinner-analysts"
"UPDATE 2-Amazon tablet costs $209.63 to make  IHS estimates " " * Components cost $191.65  total cost $209.63-IHS iSuppli"
"Amazon placed to thrive in mild recession: Stifel " "Amazon.com Inc's  low cost model and steady growth rate will ensure that the online retail giant will do very well even if there is a mild recession in the United States  analysts at Stifel Nicolaus said  upgrading the company to ""buy."""
"Cloud computing disappoints early adopters: survey " "LONDON Few organizations have moved to cloud computing -- the delivery of computing as a service from remote centers -- and of those that have  many are disappointed with the results  a survey published on Tuesday found."
"Cloud computing disappoints early adopters-survey " " LONDON  Oct 4 Few organisations have moved to cloud computing -- the delivery of computing as a service from remote centres -- and of those that have  many are disappointed with the results  a survey published on Tuesday found."
"Disney moves in on Angry Birds with Swampy game " "   * Gator 'Swampy' lifts Disney game to top of Apple charts"
"Disney moves in on Angry Birds with Swampy game " "LOS ANGELES/NEW YORK It's not surprising  perhaps  that a game based on a sewer-dwelling alligator named ""Swampy"" ranks as the top paid app for iPhones and iPads. What's surprising is that the game is a product of Walt Disney Co."
"India launches ""world's cheapest"" tablet computer " "NEW DELHI India launched what it dubbed the world's cheapest tablet computer Wednesday  to be sold to students at the subsidized price of $35 and later in shops for about $60."
"India to launch ""world's cheapest"" tablet computer for $35 " " NEW DELHI  Oct 5 India unwraps what has been dubbed the world's cheapest tablet computer on Wednesday  to be sold to students at the subsidised price of $35 to expand digital access in the Asian giant that lags peers such as China and Brazil in connectivity."
"Oracle poised to expand cloud offerings " "BOSTON Oracle Corp  is preparing to expand its offerings in cloud computing  one of the fastest-growing areas of the technology sector  the company said on Wednesday ahead of a speech by Chief Executive Larry Ellison."
"RPT-Disney moves in on Angry Birds with Swampy game " " * Gator 'Swampy' lifts Disney game to top of Apple charts"
"UPDATE 1-Oracle poised to expand cloud offerings " "  BOSTON  Oct 5 Oracle Corp  is preparing to expand its offerings in cloud computing  one of the fastest-growing areas of the technology sector  the company said on Wednesday ahead of a speech by Chief Executive Larry Ellison."
"UPDATE 2-India launches ""world's cheapest"" tablet computer " " NEW DELHI  Oct 5 India launched what it dubbed the world's cheapest tablet computer on Wednesday  to be sold to students at the subsidised price of $35 and later in shops for about $60."
"Apple  cosa succede dopo la morte di Jobs? " " 6 ottobre Steve Jobs  co-fondatore ed ex AD di Apple morto ieri dopo una lunga battaglia con un cancro al pancreas  ha creato  una serie di prodotti tecnologici  reinventato diverse società e fatto di Apple un gigante da 350 miliardi di dollari."
"Apple's lead over rivals could narrow without Jobs " "SEOUL The death of Apple's inspirational leader is likely to have a deep impact on the technology giant behind the iPod  iPhone and iPad  giving rivals a greater chance of catching up. | Video "
"Oracle's Ellison embraces cloud - finally " "SAN FRANCISCO Technology giant Oracle Corp has developed an ambitious array of cloud computing services in a bid to catch up with Amazon.com Inc and Salesforce.com Inc  two leaders in the field."
"Q&A-What happens to Apple after Jobs? " "   Oct. 5 Steve Jobs  Apple Inc's  co-founder and former CEO who died Wednesday after a long battle with pancreatic cancer  created a series of seminal electronics products  reinvented several industries  and built Apple into a $350 billion juggernaut."
"Q&A: What happens to Apple after Jobs? " "Steve Jobs  Apple Inc's co-founder and former CEO who died Wednesday after a long battle with pancreatic cancer  created a series of seminal electronics products  reinvented several industries  and built Apple into a $350 billion juggernaut. | Video "
"Steve Jobs biography pushed up for release " " Oct 6 The release date for a Steve Jobs biography has been pushed up to Oct. 24  according to a spokesman for Simon & Schuster  the publishing house behind the long-awaited book."
"Steve Jobs biography pushed up for release " "The release date for a Steve Jobs biography has been pushed up to October 24  according to a spokesman for Simon & Schuster  the publishing house behind the long-awaited book."
"Steve Jobs biography pushed up for release " "The release date for a Steve Jobs biography has been pushed up to October 24 in the wake of the Apple co-founder's death on Wednesday  according to a spokesman for publishing house Simon & Schuster."
"UPDATE 2-Apple's lead over rivals could narrow without Jobs " " * Jobs' death stirs worries about Apple's innovative streak"
"UPDATE 8-Tributes pour in for Steve Jobs  dead at 56 " " Oct 6 U.S. President Barack Obama was among the many people who paid tribute to Steve Jobs  calling the Apple co-founder a visionary and great American innovator."
"Customer-service leader Zappos trips up " "* Project WMS like open heart surgery on moving train-CEO"
"Amazon's tablet may be hottest holiday gadget " "The Kindle Fire tablet may be the hottest selling gadget this holiday  pressuring Amazon.com Inc's profit margins but giving the world's largest Internet retailer potentially millions of new high-spending customers."
"PREVIEW-Amazon's tablet may be hottest holiday gadget " "Oct 19 The Kindle Fire tablet may be the hottest selling gadget this holiday  pressuring Amazon.com Inc's profit margins but giving the world's largest Internet retailer potentially millions of new high-spending customers."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon.com to enter Japanese e-book market - Nikkei " "Oct 20 Amazon.com Inc may enter the Japanese e-book market this year and launch its Kindle readers in the market  the Nikkei business daily reported."
"Barnes & Noble expands marketplace beyond books " "Barnes & Noble Inc  is adding new categories including home products and consumer electronics to its online marketplace  the latest move by the retailer to rely less on book sales and compete with e-commerce rivals such as Amazon.com Inc  and eBay Inc ."
"LG Display sees Q4 factory utilisation at 80 pct levels " "SEOUL  Oct 20 The CFO of flat-screen maker LG Display said on Thursday that it expected its factory utilisation rate to reach 80 percent levels in the fourth quarter after it fell to 70 percent levels in the previous quarter."
"Market Chatter -- Corporate finance press digest " "BANGALORE  Oct 20The following corporate finance-related stories were reported by media on Thursday:"
"UPDATE 2-Barnes & Noble expands marketplace beyond books " "Oct 20 Barnes & Noble Inc is adding new categories including home products and consumer electronics to its online marketplace  the latest move by the retailer to rely less on book sales and compete with e-commerce rivals such as Amazon.com Inc and eBay Inc ."
"Groupon could find IPO a tough sale " "NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO Groupon Inc faces its toughest sales pitch next week when the daily deals website launches a roadshow to persuade investors to buy shares in its initial public offering."
"IPO VIEW-Groupon could find IPO a tough sale " "NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 21 Groupon Inc faces its toughest sales pitch next week when the daily deals website launches a roadshow to persuade investors to buy shares in its initial public offering."
"UPDATE 1-Acer Q3 loss worse than expected; Q4 a concern " "* Competition from Amazon  component disruption are risks in Q4-analyst   (Add details and analyst comment)"
"Amazon-owned Quidsi expands into groceries " "Oct 24 Quidsi  a unit of leading Internet retailer Amazon.com Inc   is getting into groceries  taking on industry giants including Safeway Inc and Kroger Co ."
"IPO View: Groupon could find IPO a tough sale " "NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO Groupon Inc faces its toughest sales pitch this week week when the daily deals website launches a roadshow to persuade investors to buy shares in its initial public offering."
"IPO VIEW-Groupon could find IPO a tough sale " "NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 21 Groupon Inc faces its toughest sales pitch next week when the daily deals website launches a roadshow to persuade investors to buy shares in its initial public offering."
"Poland - Factors to Watch on October 24 " "Here are news stories  press reports and events to watch  which may affect Poland's financial markets on Monday. ALL TIMES GMT (Poland: GMT + 2 hours):"
"Steve Jobs book may be Amazon's 2011 top seller " "The new biography of the late Apple Inc chief Steve Jobs is likely to be Amazon.com Inc's top-selling book of 2011  a spokeswoman at the Internet retailer said on Monday."
"Amazon profit forecast disappoints  stock slumps " "Amazon.com Inc shocked investors with a far weaker-than-expected outlook for the crucial holiday season quarter as it spent heavily on its new Kindle Fire tablet computer. | Video "
"UPDATE 5-Amazon profit forecast disappoints  stock slumps " "* Amazon shares slump 12 pct after hours  (Adds operating profit expectations  analysts' quotes)"
"Amazon.com shares slump as costs weigh on outlook " "Shares of Amazon.com Inc fell 11 percent on Wednesday  a day after the company forecast a disappointing outlook for the current quarter on costs related to Kindle and other investments to grow the company. | Video "
"PRESS DIGEST - British business - Oct 26 " "The Governor of the Bank of England  Mervyn King  hit back in fiery exchanges with MPs on Tuesday  arguing that it was the duty of the Treasury to push state-controlled banks to increase lending to small and medium-sized companies."
"UPDATE 6-Amazon profit forecast disappoints  stock slumps " "Oct 25 Amazon.com Inc shocked investors with a far weaker-than-expected outlook for the crucial holiday season quarter as it spent heavily on its new Kindle Fire tablet computer."
"Brazil's HRT seals $1 billion deal with TNK-BP " "HRT  agreed to sell a 45 percent stake in 21 Amazon oil blocks to Anglo-Russian TNK-BP  for $1 billion  the Brazilian start-up company said on Monday."
"UPDATE 3-Brazil's HRT seals $1 billion deal with TNK-BP " "Oct 31 HRT agreed to sell a 45 percent stake in 21 Amazon oil blocks to Anglo-Russian TNK-BP for $1 billion  the Brazilian start-up company said on Monday."
"Deals of the day -- mergers and acquisitions " "Nov 1 The following bids  mergers  acquisitions and disposals involving European  U.S. and Asian companies were reported by 2000 GMT on Tuesday:"
"Amazon.com launches digital book library service " "Online retailer Amazon.com said Kindle owners with an Amazon Prime membership will now get access to the company's new digital book library service."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon.com launches digital book library service " "Nov 3 U.S. online retailer Amazon.com  said Kindle owners with an Amazon Prime membership will now get access to the company's new digital book library service."
"Amazon  Microsoft catch on  BlackBerry falls-survey " "Amazon.com's Kindle Fire tablet and Microsoft's efforts to get back into the mobile game have impressed developers  a survey released on Monday showed  while BlackBerry maker Research In Motion fell further behind."
"Amazon ships Fire early as competition heats up " "Amazon.com Inc began shipping its Kindle Fire on Monday  a day earlier than it expected and extending its lead time over Barnes & Noble Inc's rival Nook tablet."
"Amazon ships Kindle Fire early as competition heats up " "Amazon.com began shipping its Kindle Fire on Monday  a day earlier than it expected and extending its lead time over Barnes & Noble's rival Nook tablet."
"REFILE-Amazon  Microsoft catch on  BlackBerry falls-survey " "* Apple retains most-favored status  Android slips slightly"
"Amazon ships Fire early as competition heats up " "Amazon.com Inc began shipping its Kindle Fire on Monday  a day earlier than it expected and extending its lead time over Barnes & Noble Inc's rival Nook tablet. | Video "
"Amazon tablet has chips from TI  Samsung  Hynix " "Amazon.com Inc's Kindle Fire tablet computer uses components from Texas Instruments  Samsung  LG and Hynix Semiconductor  according to repair firm iFixit  which cracked the device open on Tuesday."
"UPDATE 3-Amazon tablet has chips from TI  Samsung  Hynix " "Nov 15 Amazon.com Inc's Kindle Fire tablet computer uses components from Texas Instruments   Samsung   LG and Hynix Semiconductor   according to repair firm iFixit  which cracked the device open on Tuesday."
"UPDATE 1-Google launches music service " "* Google has partnered with 3 of the 4 major record labels"
"UPDATE 1-Google launches music service " "* Google has partnered with 3 of the 4 major record labels"
"Google launches music service " "LOS ANGELES Google Inc has turned on the music at its new online store  aiming to wrest the lead from Apple Inc and Amazon.com Inc in audio entertainment distribution despite the absence of a major record label."
"Google music service faces big hurdles--and rivals " "Social media and mobile communications will be the two big targets for Google Inc  when it unveils a new music store for users on Wednesday  according to four people familiar with its plans."
"Is Amazon readying smartphone to rival iPhone  Android? " "NEW YORK (TheWrap.com) - Love your Kindle? And the new KindleFire tablet?"
"REFILE-Google launches music service " "(Refiles to change slug and headline to differentiate from earlier  separate MUSIC-GOOGLE analysis)"
"UPDATE 2-Google launches music service " "* Google has partnered with 3 of the 4 major record labels  (Adds analyst comments  details of service  stock price  byline  dateline)"
"Amazon may launch a smartphone in Q4 2012: report " "Amazon.com Inc may launch its own smartphone in the fourth quarter of 2012  Citigroup said  citing its supply-chain channel checks in Asia."
"Amazon nearly breaks even on Fire's cost: iSuppli " "Amazon.com Inc almost breaks even on every Kindle Fire tablet it makes and sells  IHS iSuppli estimated on Friday  underscoring the aggressiveness with which it tried to rein in the cost of a device that spearheads its foray into the tablet market."
"Amazon nearly breaks even on Fire's cost - iSuppli " "Nov 18 Amazon.com Inc almost breaks even on every Kindle Fire tablet it makes and sells  IHS iSuppli estimated on Friday  underscoring the aggressiveness with which it tried to rein in the cost of a device that spearheads its foray into the tablet market."
"Vale halts dealings with company over deforestation " "SAO PAULO Brazil's Vale  the world's largest iron ore miner  said on Thursday it had suspended its business with an Amazon-based pig-iron producer accused by the government of illegal deforestation."
"Black Friday online sales growth lags last year " "Amazon.com Inc  eBay Inc and other e-commerce companies had a strong ""Black Friday "" but the industry's growth rate lagged last year's surge in online buying on the traditional first day of the holiday shopping season."
"Black Friday online sales growth lags last year " "Nov 26 Amazon.com Inc   eBay Inc and other e-commerce companies had a strong ""Black Friday "" but the industry's growth rate lagged last year's surge in online buying on the traditional first day of the holiday shopping season."
"Black Friday online sales jump 26 pct - ComScore " "* Growth rate almost three times 2010 level - ComScore     * Visits to top retail websites jump 35 pct     * Amazon got 50 pct more visits than any other retailer     By Alistair Barr     Nov 27 Online retail sales in the United States on the post-Thanksgiving shopping day known as ""Black Friday"" jumped 26 percent this year  led by Amazon.com Inc   ComScore said on Sunday.     Black Friday online sales reached $816 million  making it the heaviest spending day on the Internet so far i"
"Black Friday online sales jump 26 percent: ComScore " "Online retail sales in the United States on the post-Thanksgiving shopping day known as ""Black Friday"" jumped 26 percent this year  led by Amazon.com Inc   ComScore  said on Sunday."
"Amazon Kindle sales heat up  stock jumps " "Amazon.com Inc said on Monday it saw a surge in sales of its Kindle devices  helped by its new Kindle Fire tablet  on the crucial ""Black Friday"" shopping day after Thanksgiving."
"Amazon says Kindle sales surge on Black Friday " "Nov 28 Amazon.com Inc said on Monday that it saw a surge in sales of its Kindle devices  helped by its new Kindle Fire tablet  on the crucial ""Black Friday"" shopping day after Thanksgiving."
"Black Friday online sales jump 26 percent: comScore " "Online retail sales in the United States on the post-Thanksgiving shopping day known as ""Black Friday"" jumped 26 percent this year  led by Amazon.com Inc  comScore said on Sunday."
"REFILE-Black Friday online sales jump 26 pct - comScore " "Nov 27 Online retail sales in the United States  on the post-Thanksgiving shopping day known as ""Black Friday""  jumped 26 percent this year  led by Amazon.com Inc   comScore said on Sunday."
"Retail stocks up after strong holiday weekend " "After a blockbuster performance over the long Thanksgiving weekend  risk-taking retailers such as Macy's Inc  and Amazon.com Inc  were rewarded with big gains in their shares  while chains that are still tinkering with their strategies reaped smaller rewards. | Video "
"UPDATE 2-Amazon says Kindle sales surge on Black Friday " "Nov 28 Amazon.com Inc said on Monday it saw a surge in sales of its Kindle devices  helped by its new Kindle Fire tablet  on the crucial ""Black Friday"" shopping day after Thanksgiving."
"Retail stocks up after strong holiday weekend " "After a blockbuster performance over the long Thanksgiving weekend  risk-taking retailers such as Macy's Inc  and Amazon.com Inc  were rewarded with big gains in their shares  while chains that are still tinkering with their strategies reaped smaller rewards. | Video "
"Google in talks to take on Amazon in retail: report " "Google Inc is pondering an Internet service to help consumers shop online and take advantage of same-day delivery  hoping to stanch the loss of Web traffic to Amazon.com Inc  the Wall Street Journal reported."
"Google in talks to take on Amazon in retail -WSJ " "Dec 2 Google Inc is pondering an Internet service to help consumers shop online and take advantage of same-day delivery  hoping to stanch the loss of Web traffic to Amazon.com Inc   the Wall Street Journal reported."
"UPDATE 3-Costly Kindle fight hurting Barnes & Noble " "Dec 1 Barnes & Noble Inc's expensive investments to keep its Nook e-reader competitive with Amazon's Kindle led to an unexpected quarterly loss for the bookseller  sending its shares down as much as 24 percent on Thursday."
"Publishers warm to e-books on their own terms " "PARIS Book publishers have survived the first stage of a digital revolution in better shape than the music industry and are now embracing the shift to e-books in their search for new revenue streams and lower costs."
"UPDATE 1-Google in talks to take on Amazon in retail-WSJ " "Dec 1 Google Inc is pondering an Internet service to help consumers shop online and take advantage of same-day delivery  hoping to stanch the loss of Web traffic to Amazon.com Inc   the Wall Street Journal reported on Thursday."
"Amazon forest loss at lowest in 23 years: Brazil " "BRASILIA Deforestation in Brazil's Amazon region fell to its lowest in 23 years in the year through July  the government said Monday  attributing the drop to its tougher stance against illegal logging."
"Amazon forest loss at lowest in 23 years: Brazil " "BRASILIA Deforestation in Brazil's Amazon region fell to its lowest in 23 years in the year through July  the government said Monday  attributing the drop to its tougher stance against illegal logging."
"Amazon's Kindle Fire lets kids charge up a storm " "Amazon's Kindle Fire tablet  one of the hottest gadgets this holiday season because of its low price  has some parents bristling over the simplicity at which children can order from the retail giant and the inability to stop them without crippling the device."
"Amazon's Kindle Fire lets kids charge up a storm " "Dec 6 Amazon's Kindle Fire tablet  one of the hottest gadgets this holiday season because of its low price  has some parents bristling over the simplicity at which children can order from the retail giant and the inability to stop them without crippling the device."
"Amazon to buy over 450 children's book titles " "Amazon.com Inc said on Tuesday it agreed to acquire more than 450 children's book titles in the U.S. from publisher Marshall Cavendish."
"Amazon forest loss at lowest in 23 years: Brazil " "BRASILIA Deforestation in Brazil's Amazon region fell to its lowest in 23 years in the year through July  the government said Monday  attributing the drop to its tougher stance against illegal logging. | Video "
"Amazon's Kindle Fire will fail  says one expert " "NEW YORK (TheWrap.com) - Predictions for the Kindle Fire have ranged from it being the iPad killer to its less expensive equal  but one thing the New York Times' David Streitfeld writes almost everyone can agree on -- it has some kinks to work out."
"Amazon extends Christmas shipping deadline " "Amazon.com Inc said it has extended the order deadline on one of its Christmas shipping options as it seeks to stay competitive in a holiday season that has seen more retailers offer free shipping."
"Amazon shares give up 2011 gains on profit concern " "Amazon.com Inc shares dropped to levels not seen since March Wednesday on concern that big spending and aggressive pricing by the No. 1 Internet retailer will hit profit during the crucial holiday season and well into next year."
"Amazon selling over 1 million Kindles a week " "Amazon.com Inc said on Thursday it is selling more than one million Kindle devices a week  an unusual disclosure from the largest Internet retailer that comes in the wake of some negative reviews of its new Kindle Fire tablet."
"Amazon selling over 1 million Kindles a week " "Amazon.com Inc  said on Thursday it is selling more than one million Kindle devices a week  an unusual disclosure from the largest Internet retailer that comes in the wake of some negative reviews of its new Kindle Fire tablet."
"Exclusive: Amazon weighed buying RIM  interest cooled " "Research In Motion Ltd has turned down takeover overtures from Amazon.com Inc and other potential buyers because the BlackBerry maker prefers to fix its problems on its own  according to people with knowledge of the situation. | Video "
"Amazon may benefit as digital goods sales jump " "Digital goods are the fastest-growing category online this holiday  led by e-books  suggesting Amazon.com Inc's strategy of blanketing the world with cheap e-readers and tablet computers may be producing some early gains."
"Amazon shares dip on growth concerns " "Amazon.com Inc shares fell to their lowest level since late March on Thursday on concern about sales growth during the online retailer's crucial fourth quarter."
"Barnes & Noble may split off Nook  cuts forecast " "Barnes & Noble Inc cut its Nook sales forecast and shocked investors by saying it may spin off its fast-growing digital business  sending its shares plunging 17 percent. | Video "
"Amazon  Indiana strike state sales tax deal " "Amazon.com Inc and Indiana Governor Mitch Daniels unveiled an agreement on Monday that may mean that the world's largest Internet retailer starts collecting sales tax in the state in 2014."
"Amazon unit may be moving into sporting goods " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc's Quidsi unit may be getting into sporting goods  challenging retailers in this niche  including Dick's Sporting Goods  Hibbett Sports and Cabela's  analysts at Credit Suisse said Monday."
"Amazon keeps spending to grow  slashing profits " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc warned of a possible operating loss in the first quarter following a sharp drop in fourth-quarter profit  a sign that the online retailer is continuing to spend heavily on expansion and new ventures at the expense of shorter-term profits."
"Instant view: Amazon's Q1 outlook disappoints  shares dive " "Amazon.com Inc offered a disappointing sales outlook and warned it may lose money in the first quarter  as it continues to splash out on expansion and new ventures. Its shares plummeted."
"Amazon shares fall as outlook disappoints " "Amazon.com Inc's shares slid 12 percent in early trade on fears that heavy spending would hurt the retailer's profits even as revenue growth falls short of Wall Street expectations. | Video "
"Amazon spending threatens 1st-quarter profit " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc warned of a possible operating loss in the first quarter following a sharp drop in fourth-quarter profit  a sign that the online retailer will keep spending heavily on expansion at the expense of short-term returns. | Video "
"Nikkei dips after Amazon cuts outlook  U.S. data weighs " "TOKYO  Feb 1 The Nikkei share average dipped on Wednesday after online retail giant Amazon.com  warned it may log a first quarter loss  while U.S. economic data revived concerns about the strength of recovery in the world's largest economy.	     The benchmark Nikkei eased 0.2 percent to 8 786.24 after ending flat on Tuesday  while the broader Topix index  was flat at 755.11."
"REFILE-Nikkei set to edge lower after Amazon loss outlook " "TOKYO  Feb 1 The Nikkei average is likely to edge lower on Wednesday after online retail giant Amazon.com  said it may log a first quarter loss  while U.S. economic data stoked concern over the pace of recovery in the world's largest economy.	     Amazon shares dropped more than 8 percent in after hours trading after it forecast first-quarter operating results ranging from a loss of $200 million to a profit of $100 million  as the online retailer continues to expand and invest heavil"
"Amazon launches online shopping service in India " "BANGALORE The world's largest online retailer Amazon.com Inc entered India on Thursday with the launch of its shopping website junglee.com  in a major boost to the country's fast-growing e-commerce market."
"Amazon launches online shopping service in India " "* Indian e-commerce market seen growing at 47 pct this year"
"Brazil's Petrobras finds light oil in Amazon " "SAO PAULO  Feb 3 Brazil's state-controlled oil company Petrobras  said on Friday it struck good quality light oil in the Solimoes Basin in the state of Amazonas.	     The company said in a market filing that the find had the capacity to produce 1 400 barrels of light weight 41 degree API oil a day  as well as 45 000 cubic meters of natural gas. The well is onshore."
"UPDATE 1-Brazil's Petrobras finds light oil in Amazon " "* Amazon becoming key onshore oil-producing basin     * Petrobras holds 100 percent stake in new block     * HRT's rise due to success in Solimoes Basin       SAO PAULO  Feb 3 Brazil's state-controlled oil company Petrobras  said on Friday it had struck good-quality light oil in the Solimoes Basin  in the state of Amazonas.	     The company said in a market filing that the find had the capacity to produce 1 400 barrels of light weight  41-degree API oil a day  as well as 45 000 cubic"
"Kindle-wielding Amazon dips toes into physical world " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc is dipping its toes into the physical world as the largest online retailer offers more products in stores that may benefit from hands-on interaction with shoppers."
"Kindle-wielding Amazon dips toes into physical world " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 6 Amazon.com Inc  is dipping its toes into the physical world as the largest online retailer offers more products in stores that may benefit from hands-on interaction with shoppers."
"Amazon and Viacom close to Web video deal " "Amazon.com Inc is about to announce a Web video deal with Viacom Inc in what sources said was one of the last steps in a plan to launch a standalone subscription service to compete with Netflix Inc."
"Amazon  Viacom close to Web video deal " "Amazon.com Inc is about to announce a Web video deal with Viacom Inc in what sources said was one of the last steps in a plan to launch a standalone subscription service to compete with Netflix Inc."
"Amazon  Viacom close to Web video deal " "Feb 7 Amazon.com Inc is about to announce a Web video deal with Viacom Inc in what sources said was one of the last steps in a plan to launch a standalone subscription service to compete with Netflix Inc ."
"India's Flipkart buys Letsbuy for $20-$25 mln-source " "BANGALORE  Feb 9 Flipkart  India's biggest online retailer of books and electronics gadgets  has acquired smaller rival Letsbuy  seeking to consolidate its position ahead of Amazon.com Inc's planned entry into the Indian market."
"Amazon.com to launch Kindle in Japan - Nikkei " "Feb 10 World's biggest online retailer Amazon.com Inc. will begin sales of its Kindle e-book readers in Japan  as early as April  for less than 20 000 yen ($260)  The Nikkei said."
"Amazon's Quidsi mulls more stores  starts Casa.com " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc unit Quidsi may open more physical stores because sales sometimes benefit from hands-on interaction by customers  according to Vinit Bharara  co-founder and chief operating officer of Quidsi."
"Amazon to open second fulfillment center in Delaware " "Amazon.Com Inc  which has been spending heavily on expansion  said it will spend more than $90 million to open a fulfillment center at Middletown in Delaware."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon to open second fulfillment center in Delaware " "Feb 14 Amazon.Com Inc  which has been spending heavily on expansion  said it will spend more than $90 million to open a fulfillment center at Middletown in Delaware."
"Amazon downgraded by Morgan Stanley; shares fall " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc shares were downgraded by Morgan Stanley analysts on Thursday on concern about competition from Apple Inc and slowing sales growth."
"Brazil planning giant Amazon soybean port-paper " "RIO DE JANEIRO  Feb 18 Brazilian port authorities are planning a new grains port in the Amazon region  a terminal designed to become the country's largest soybean export center and to slash transportation costs for farmers  the Folha de S. Paulo newspaper reported Saturday."
"China's Jingdong Mall to revive Nasdaq listing-paper " "HONG KONG  Feb 21 Jingdong Mall  dubbed China's Amazon.com  plans to apply for a Nasdaq listing in March at the earliest after the Chinese online retailer delayed its plans to proceed with an initial public offering late last year amid weak sentiment  the South China Morning Post reported on Tuesday."
"UPDATE 1-Barnes & Noble profit down  cuts Nook prices " "Feb 21 Barnes & Noble Inc posted a lower holiday-quarter profit as investments to keep its Nook e-reader competitive with Amazon.com Inc's Kindle continued to hurt its results."
"UPDATE 1 -- Market Chatter -- Corporate finance press digest " "BANGALORE  Feb 21 The following corporate finance-related stories were reported by media on Tuesday:"
"California Attorney General reaches accord on privacy issue " "SAN FRANCISCO Attorney General Kamala D. Harris of California said on Wednesday she reached an agreement with six major companies to provide consumers with greater privacy disclosures."
"Google recasts Android Market with new name " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc is renaming its online storefront for music  books and digital goods  its latest move to raise its profile in the market for electronic content sales and to better compete with Apple Inc and Amazon.com Inc."
"Google recasts Android Market with new name " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 6 Google Inc  is renaming its online storefront for music  books and digital goods  its latest move to raise its profile in the market for electronic content sales and to better compete with Apple Inc  and Amazon.com Inc."
"One dead  32 hurt as wildcat miners clash with Peru police " "LIMA  March 14 At least one protester was killed and 32 people were injured on Wednesday as police in  southeastern Peru clashed with wildcat miners opposed to a government crackdown on illegal gold mining  the interior minister and the ombudsman's office said."
"REFILE-Brazil's HRT says gas find shows Amazon promise " "* Discovery brightens outlook after January disappointment"
"Amazon.com to buy Kiva Systems for $775 million " "Amazon.com Inc said on Monday it agreed to buy Kiva Systems Inc for $775 million in cash  a deal that will bring more robotic technology to the e-commerce company's giant network of warehouses."
"UPDATE 4-Amazon.com to buy Kiva Systems for $775 million " "March 19 Amazon.com Inc said on Monday it agreed to buy Kiva Systems Inc for $775 million in cash  a deal that will bring more robotic technology to the e-commerce company's giant network of warehouses."
"TEXT-Fitch: Amazon is gold for some " "March 20 - Fitch believes the benefit of a state's agreement with on-line retailers like Amazon depends on more than new jobs and sales tax revenue but also hinges on infrastructure and other local issues.	 	 New Jersey's state legislature is currently considering whether to change state tax law to make a deal with Amazon. New Jersey may decide to make residents of the state exempt from sales taxes on Amazon purchases for two years. If that happens  Amazon has pledged to build two facilities tha"
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT - Amazon boosts Nasdaq " "NEW YORK  March 20 The Nasdaq briefly turned positive on Tuesday  boosted by Amazon after its acquisition of Kiva Systems was seen as a positive  while the S&P 500 and the Dow fell on concerns about the growth outlook in China."
"US STOCKS-Wall St slips on China  but retailers offset losses " "* ""The Hunger Games"" anticipation lifts Lions Gate shares"
"Amazon runs big daily deal without LivingSocial " "* AmazonLocal sells one million discounted Amazon.com gifts cards"
"Amazon runs big daily deal without LivingSocial " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc  ran a big daily deal this week without its strategic partner LivingSocial  suggesting the world's largest Internet retailer is serious about building its own business in this fast-growing e-commerce niche."
"Wal-Mart passed on chance to bid for Kiva-source " "* Wal-Mart not Kiva client  making deal harder to justify"
"Amazon  B&N make concessions for Potter ebooks " "Amazon.com Inc and Barnes & Noble Inc unveiled Harry Potter e-books on Tuesday in deals that suggest the companies made big concessions with author J.K. Rowling for electronic access to the hit series."
"Amazon gets Harry Potter e-books for Kindles " "Amazon.com Inc said on Tuesday that e-book versions of the Harry Potter hit series by J.K. Rowling are available to read on the company's Kindle e-readers and Kindle Fire tablet."
"Amazon gets Harry Potter e-books for Kindles " "March 27 Amazon.com Inc said on Tuesday that e-book versions of the Harry Potter hit series by J.K. Rowling are available to read on the company's Kindle e-readers and Kindle Fire tablet."
"Amazon Kindle store buy buttons vanish for hours " "SAN FRANCISCO Maybe Lord Voldemort put a spell on Amazon.Com Inc on Tuesday."
"Amazon Kindle store buy buttons vanish for hours " " "
"UPDATE 1-Amazon  B&N make concessions for Potter e-books " "* Customers sent from Amazon  B&N websites to pottermore.com"
"Amazon Kindle store buy buttons vanish for hours " "SAN FRANCISCO Maybe Lord Voldemort put a spell on Amazon.Com Inc."
"E-books settlement talks advancing -sources " "WASHINGTON  March 30 The Justice Department could reach a settlement in the next few weeks with Apple Inc  and some of the major publishers suspected of colluding to push up electronic book prices  according to two people close to the negotiations."
"Amazon eyes ad dollars in consumer packaged goods " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc is trying to grab some of the billions of advertising dollars spent each year by consumer packaged goods companies including Kimberly-Clark Corp  as the world's largest Internet retailer seeks new sources of revenue growth."
"Amazon eyes ad dollars in consumer packaged goods " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 3 Amazon.com Inc  is trying to grab some of the billions of advertising dollars spent each year by consumer packaged goods companies including Kimberly-Clark Corp  as the world's largest Internet retailer seeks new sources of revenue growth."
"Amazon Instant Video launches on PlayStation 3 " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 3 Online retailer Amazon.com Inc said that its video streaming service will be available on Sony Corp's PlayStation 3 gaming console starting on Tuesday."
"TEXT: NZ's Pumpkin Patch to sell in Europe via Amazon " "WELLINGTON  April 4 - Pumpkin Patch  Australasia's leading speciality childrenswear brand  has announced it has entered a relationship with leading global online retailer Amazon."
"TNK-BP says regulator approved its Brazil deal " "MOSCOW  April 3 Russia's third-largest crude producer TNK-BP said on Tuesday that the Brazilian state regulator approved a deal on acquisition of a 45 percent stake in 21 Amazon oil blocks from HRT."
"UPDATE 4-U.S. sues Apple  publishers in e-book price scheme " "* DOJ: Apple  publishers joined to fight Amazon discounts"
"U.S. sues Apple  publishers in e-book price scheme " "WASHINGTON/SAN FRANCISCO The U.S. government sued Apple Inc and five publishers  saying they conspired to fix the prices of electronic books  and reached a settlement with three of the publishers that could lead to cheaper e-books for consumers."
"Barnes & Noble unveils glow-in-the-dark Nook " "NEW YORK  April 12 U.S. book retailer Barnes & Noble Inc debuted an e-reader o n T hursday with a screen that can glow in the dark  a move aimed at improving its position against Amazon.com."
"Barnes & Noble unveils glow-in-the-dark Nook " "NEW YORK Book retailer Barnes & Noble Inc debuted an e-reader on Thursday with a screen that can glow in the dark  a move aimed at improving its position against Amazon.com."
"Strong eBay results bode well for Amazon " "SAN FRANCISCO EBay Inc's strong first quarter bodes well for Amazon.com Inc's results next week - especially Amazon's own online Marketplace business and e-commerce in general  analysts said on Thursday."
"After Apple  Amazon  too  may be in for wild ride " "Analysts may be optimistic about Amazon.com's growth prospects  but with this week's blowout earnings from Apple and Amazon's own lofty share price to live up to  some traders are starting to hedge their bets."
"After Apple  Amazon  too  may be in for wild ride " "NEW YORK  April 26 Analysts may be optimistic about Amazon.com's growth prospects  but with this week's blowout earnings from Apple  and Amazon's own lofty share price to live up to  some traders are starting to hedge their bets."
"Amazon reports $13.2 bln in first-quarter revenue " "April 26 Amazon.com Inc reported first-quarter revenue of $13.18 billion on Thursday  up 34 percent from a year earlier and ahead of Wall Street estimates."
"Amazon's streak of Fire ignites shares " "Amazon.com Inc's quarterly results beat Wall Street's most bullish expectations as heavy spending by the world's largest Internet retailer began to pay off through sales of more digital products on its new Kindle Fire tablet."
"Housing  profits lift Wall Street  Amazon up late " "NEW YORK U.S. stocks rose for a third day on Thursday after upbeat housing data and stronger-than-expected results from companies  including Citrix Systems Inc   overshadowed some high-profile earnings misses. | Video "
"Instant View: Amazon trounces Street targets  shares soar " "Amazon.com Inc reported quarterly earnings that beat Wall Street's most bullish expectations after the world's largest Internet retailer brought costs under control  sending its shares almost 10 percent higher."
"UPDATE 2-After Apple  Amazon  too  may be in for wild ride " "April 26 Analysts may be optimistic about Amazon.com's growth prospects  but with this week's blowout earnings from Apple and Amazon's own lofty share price to live up to  some traders are starting to hedge their bets."
"UPDATE 5-Amazon's streak of Fire ignites shares " "* Kindle Fire spurs purchases of digital goods     * Margins improve as newer businesses grow faster     * Shares leap almost 15 pct     * Stake of CEO Bezos worth nearly $2.5 bln more       By Alistair Barr	     April 26 Amazon.com Inc's quarterly results beat Wall Street's most bullish expectations as heavy spending by the world's largest Internet retailer began to pay off through sales of more digital products on its new Kindle Fire tablet.	     Amazon shares surged almost 15 perc"
"US STOCKS-Housing  profits lift Wall St  Amazon up late " "NEW YORK  April 26 U.S. stocks rose for a third day on Thursday after upbeat housing data and stronger-than-expected results from companies  including Citrix Systems Inc  overshadowed some high-profile earnings misses."
"Amazon soars as digital sales boost margins " "Amazon.com Inc's stellar quarterly results are helping convince skeptics on Wall Street that a bout of intense spending is beginning to pay off for an Internet retailer trying to transform itself into a technology company."
"Amazon wins some skeptics over  shares surge " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc's stellar quarterly results are helping convince skeptics on Wall Street that a bout of intense spending is beginning to pay off for an Internet retailer trying to transform itself into a technology company."
"Instant View: Amazon trounces Street targets  shares soar " "Amazon.com Inc reported quarterly earnings that beat Wall Street's most bullish expectations after the world's largest Internet retailer brought costs under control  sending its shares almost 10 percent higher."
"Sales-tax deal with Texas is Amazon's latest " "Amazon.com agreed to begin collecting sales tax in Texas on Friday  forging a deal that promises to bring more jobs to the southern U.S. state and as the online marketer lost another round in a series of state-by-state sales tax battles."
"Sales-tax deal with Texas is Amazon's latest " "April 27 Amazon.com agreed to begin collecting sales tax in Texas on Friday  forging a deal that promises to bring more jobs to the southern U.S. state and as the online marketer lost another round in a series of state-by-state sales tax battles."
"US STOCKS-S&P 500 rallies for week on Amazon  Expedia results " "NEW YORK  April 27 U.S. stocks advanced on Friday and posted their best weekly gains in a month as stronger-than-expected earnings from Amazon.com Inc and Expedia Inc reinforced confidence in corporate performance."
"US STOCKS-Wall St climbs for 4th day; Amazon  Expedia rally " "NEW YORK  April 27 U.S. stocks advanced for a fourth day on Friday  led by gains in technology after stronger-than-expected earnings from Amazon.com Inc and Expedia Inc offset a weaker-than-expected reading on economic growth."
"US STOCKS-Wall St eyeing 4th up day; Amazon  Expedia jump " "NEW YORK  April 27 U.S. stocks rose modestly on Friday  putting equities on track for a fourth day of gains as more strong earnings partially offset a weaker-than-expected reading on economic growth."
"Microsoft buys Nook stake  Barnes & Noble shares soar " "NEW YORK/SEATTLE Microsoft Corp is jumping into the fast-growing e-books market by investing $605 million over five years in Barnes & Noble Inc's Nook e-reader and college business  as it looks to unlock Amazon.com and Apple Inc's grip on the exploding tablet computer market. | Video "
"Amazon unveils effort to develop original TV shows " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc unveiled a new effort to develop original comedy and children's TV shows to distribute over the company's video streaming service."
"Amazon unveils effort to develop original TV shows " "SAN FRANCISCO  May 2 Amazon.com Inc  unveiled a new effort to develop original comedy and children's TV shows to distribute over the company's video streaming service."
"Target to stop selling Amazon's Kindle devices " "May 2 Target Corp. said on Wednesday that it will stop selling Amazon.com Inc's Kindle devices in coming weeks."
"Target to stop selling Amazon's Kindle devices " "Target Corp said on Wednesday it will stop selling Amazon.com Inc's Kindle devices  the latest in a series of brawls between the companies fueled by Amazon's increasing competition with brick and mortar retailers."
"Target to stop selling Amazon's Kindle devices " "Target Corp said on Wednesday it will stop selling Amazon.com Inc's Kindle devices  the latest in a series of brawls between the companies fueled by Amazon's increasing competition with brick and mortar retailers."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon unveils effort to develop original TV shows " "SAN FRANCISCO  May 2 Amazon.com Inc  unveiled a new effort to develop original comedy and children's TV shows to distribute over the company's video streaming service."
"UPDATE 3-Target to stop selling Amazon's Kindle devices " "May 2 Target Corp said on Wednesday it will stop selling Amazon.com Inc's Kindle devices  the latest in a series of brawls between the companies fueled by Amazon's increasing competition with brick and mortar retailers."
"Amazon's Kindle Fire shipments slump in Q1-IDC " "* Apple still leads the pack  Samsung back in second spot"
"Amazon's Kindle Fire shipments slump in Q1: IDC " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc's  Kindle Fire was a popular gift item during the holiday season but shipments of the $199 tablet computer dropped sharply in the following months."
"Revenue boost from Amazon tax 'limited'- Fitch " "May 3 From the hearing rooms of the U.S. Congress to the halls of state legislatures across the country  a cry is rising for more states to be able to tax transactions over the Internet as a fix for their budget problems."
"EBay  Wal-Mart search for revved-up search engines " "SAN FRANCISCO EBay Inc and Wal-Mart Stores Inc are developing new Web search engines to better compete against Amazon.com Inc in the fast-growing e-commerce market."
"Facebook plans to raise $10.6 billion in mega IPO " "SAN FRANCISCO Facebook Inc aims to raise about $10.6 billion in Silicon Valley's largest IPO  dwarfing the coming-out parties of tech companies like Google Inc and granting the world's largest social network a market value close to Amazon.com's. | Video "
"RPT-EBay  Wal-Mart search for revved-up search engines " "* Wal-Mart builds search engine from scratch in about 9 mos"
"UPDATE 7-Facebook plans to raise $10.6 bln in mega IPO " "* Facebook shares to be priced between $28 and $35 per share"
"Douglas tweaks outlook as books restructuring bites " "FRANKFURT  May 9 Germans books to perfumes retailer Douglas lowered its guidance for the current year as it reported second quarter results hurt by restructuring costs for its books division."
"Amazon says Harry Potter e-books can be borrowed " "SAN FRANCISCO Owners of Amazon.com Inc's  Kindle e-readers and tablets will be able to borrow Harry Potter e-books in a move designed to encourage more people to use the devices and sign up for the company's Prime service."
"Amazon says Kindle owners can lend Harry Potter e-books " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc  said on Thursday owners of its Kindle e-readers and tablets will be able to lend Harry Potter e-books to each other in a move aimed at encouraging more people to use the devices and sign up for its Prime service."
"Amazon says Kindle owners can lend Harry Potter e-books " "SAN FRANCISCO  May 10 Amazon.com Inc  said on Thursday owners of its Kindle e-readers and tablets will be able to lend Harry Potter e-books to each other in a move aimed at encouraging more people to use the devices and sign up for its Prime service."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon says Harry Potter e-books can be borrowed " "* Move may spur more Kindle usage  Prime memberships-analyst"
"Brazil's HRT says to have 1st petroleum in 2012 " "RIO DE JANEIRO  May 11 Brazil's HRT Participacoes em Petroleo SA expects to have its first commercial petroleum output by the end of 2012  Chief Financial Officer Lourenço Bastos-Tigre said on a conference call with investors Friday."
"HRT may sell Amazon gas for power  chemicals " "RIO DE JANEIRO  May 11 Brazil's HRT Participações em Petroleo SA is in talks with companies to sell them gas from its fields in the Amazon region to produce electricity or make petrochemicals  Chief Executive Officer Marcio Mello told investors on a conference call on Friday."
"UPDATE 2-Brazil's HRT jumps 5 pct on oil outlook " "RIO DE JANEIRO  May 11 Shares of HRT Participações em Petróleo SA rose more than 5 percent in São Paulo on Friday after company officials said they expect the Brazilian oil company to have its first commercial output this year and that it could have as much as 28 billion barrels of oil and gas in Namibia."
"Amazon aims to launch front-lit Kindle in July: source " "Amazon.com Inc will launch new versions of its Kindle e-reader and tablet  including a monochrome e-reader with front lighting  a source who has seen the prototype told Reuters."
"Amazon aims to launch front-lit Kindle in July --source " "May 14 Amazon.com Inc will launch new versions of its Kindle e-reader and tablet  including a monochrome e-reader with front lighting  a source who has seen the prototype told Reuters."
"CORRECTED-(OFFICIAL)-Brazil's HRT faces Amazon delays " "RIO DE JANEIRO  May 11 Brazil's HRT Participacoes em Petroleo SA faces high water levels on the upper reaches of the Amazon River that could delay drilling in the company's oil and gas concessions in Brazil's Amazon region  Chief Financial Officer Lourenço Bastos-Tigre said on a conference call with investors Friday."
"Amazon aims to launch front-lit Kindle in July " "Amazon.com Inc will launch new versions of its Kindle e-reader and tablet  including a monochrome e-reader with front lighting  a source who has seen the prototype told Reuters."
"UPDATE 1-Credit Suisse raises Amazon to outperform " "* Sees Amazon's CSOI rise to $3.2 bln in 2013 from $1.7 bln in 2012"
"BSkyB could get reprieve from UK regulator-paper " "LONDON  May 20 Britain's Competition Commission is to publish a preliminary report next week suggesting that BSkyB's dominance in the pay-tv movie market has been weakened by new entrants  reducing the need to impose restrictions  The Mail On Sunday said."
"Apple: U.S. e-book lawsuit 'fundamentally flawed' " "* US alleges collusion cost consumers millions of dollars"
"J&J  Amazon on list that hedge funds love to hate " "BOSTON Hedge funds turned their backs on Johnson & Johnson and Amazon.com Inc in the last months  kicking the former market darlings into a group where they see stock prices dropping  research from Goldman Sachs shows."
"J&J  Amazon on list that hedge funds love to hate " "BOSTON  May 23 Hedge funds turned their backs on Johnson & Johnson and Amazon.com Inc in the last months  kicking the former market darlings into a group where they see stock prices dropping  research from Goldman Sachs shows."
"Amazon to build distribution centers in New Jersey " "Internet retailer Amazon.com Inc will build two distribution centers in New Jersey  provided it gets sufficient economic incentives from the state  Governor Chris Christie said on Wednesday."
"Amazon to build distribution centers in New Jersey " "May 30 Internet retailer Amazon.com Inc  will build two distribution centers in New Jersey  provided it gets sufficient economic incentives from the state  Governor Chris Christie said on Wednesday."
"Vale faces probe of Amazon copper mines-prosecutor " "RIO DE JANEIRO  May 30 Brazil's Vale SA  the world's second-largest mining company  faces an investigation of two Amazon copper mines after allegations that the projects improperly used Indian lands and failed to replace forest cut to build a power line  a Brazilian prosecutor told Reuters on Wednesday."
"Barnes & Noble says e-books settlement hurts public " "Barnes & Noble Inc  has objected to the U.S. government's proposed settlement of its price-fixing lawsuit against top publishers  saying it would harm book sellers and ""millions and millions"" of book buyers."
"Barnes & Noble says U.S. e-books deal hurts public " "June 7 Barnes & Noble Inc has objected to the U.S. government's proposed settlement of its price-fixing lawsuit against top publishers and Apple Inc  saying it would harm book sellers and ""millions and millions"" of book buyers."
"Google dips toe into customer service business " "CHICAGO Google Inc is dipping its toe into the customer-service business as the world's largest Internet search company steps up competition with e-commerce giant Amazon.com Inc."
"Google dips toe into customer service business " "CHICAGO  June 7 Google Inc is dipping its toe into the customer-service business as the world's largest Internet search company steps up competition with e-commerce giant Amazon.com Inc."
"UPDATE 1-Barnes & Noble says e-books settlement hurts public " "* Three publishers had settled; Apple and two others will fight"
"Barnes & Noble says e-books settlement hurts public " "Barnes & Noble Inc  has objected to the U.S. government's proposed settlement of its price-fixing lawsuit against top publishers  saying it would harm book sellers and ""millions and millions"" of book buyers."
"Amazon  Google lead rush for new Web real estate " "LONDON An unprecedented land grab for new Web addresses began in earnest on Wednesday with fierce competition for new internet real estate including .app  .blog and .web from applicants hoping to break the near-monopoly of the .com top-level domain."
"Indie booksellers object to U.S. e-books deal " "June 15 The American Booksellers Association  which represents U.S. independent bookstores  has objected to the U.S. government's proposed settlement of its price-fixing lawsuit against top publishers  saying it would strengthen Amazon.com Inc's dominance."
"Indie booksellers object to U.S. e-books deal " "The American Booksellers Association  which represents U.S. independent bookstores  has objected to the U.S. government's proposed settlement of its price-fixing lawsuit against top publishers  saying it would strengthen Amazon.com Inc's dominance."
"Amazon's LoveFilm  taking on Netflix  adds Fox in Britain " "June 25 LoveFilm  Amazon's European DVD and movie streaming service  has agreed to stream movies and TV shows from News Corp's Twentieth Century Fox TV unit  adding content from another Hollywood studio to compete with Netflix's six-month-old British service."
"Amazon's LoveFilm  taking on Netflix  adds Fox in Britain " "LoveFilm  Amazon's European DVD and movie streaming service  has agreed to stream movies and TV shows from News Corp's Twentieth Century Fox TV unit  adding content from another Hollywood studio to compete with Netflix's six-month-old British service."
"Brazil's Vale plans Amazon biofuel plant -report " "SINGAPORE  June 25 Brazilian miner Vale SA  is planning to build the world's largest single processing plant to turn palm oil into biofuel by 2015 in a bid to cut its vast fuel costs and to develop the Amazon region  the Financial Times said on Monday."
"Amazon's LoveFilm  taking on Netflix  adds Fox in Britain " "LoveFilm  Amazon's European DVD and movie streaming service  has agreed to stream movies and TV shows from News Corp's Twentieth Century Fox TV unit  adding content from another Hollywood studio to compete with Netflix's six-month-old British service."
"German watchdog probes sneaker sales tactics " "DUESSELDORF/FRANKFURT  June 27 Moves by leading sporting goods companies such as Nike Inc  Adidas AG  and Asics Corp to restrict sales over internet platforms like Amazon.com Inc and eBay Inc  have drawn the attention of competition authorities in Germany."
"German watchdog probes sneaker sales tactics " "DUESSELDORF/FRANKFURT Moves by leading sporting goods companies such as Nike Inc  Adidas AG and Asics Corp to restrict sales over internet platforms like Amazon.com Inc and eBay Inc have drawn the attention of competition authorities in Germany."
"RPT-Vale gets environmental license for Amazon iron mine " "RIO DE JANEIRO  June 27 Vale  the world's No. 2 mining company  said on Wednesday it received an environmental license to build its biggest-ever iron ore mine  an Amazon region project that holds about $1 trillion of reserves at current prices."
"UPDATE 4-Google goes up against Amazon  Apple with Nexus tablet " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 27 Google Inc will sell its first tablet from mid-July for $199  hoping to replicate its smartphone success in a hotly contested market now dominated by Amazon.com Inc's Kindle Fire and Apple Inc's iPad."
"Vale gets environmental license for Amazon iron mine " "RIO DE JANEIRO  June 27 Vale  the world's No. 2 mining company  said on Wednesday it received an environmental license to build its biggest-ever iron ore mine  an Amazon region project that holds about $1 trillion of reserves at current prices."
"Google goes up against Amazon  Apple with Nexus tablet " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc will sell its first tablet from mid-July for $199  hoping to replicate its smartphone success in a hotly contested market now dominated by Amazon.com Inc's Kindle Fire and Apple Inc's iPad."
"Google's Chrome browser to be available on Apple's iPad  iPhone " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc's Chrome  the world's top Internet browser  is now available on the iPhone and iPad  as Apple Inc finally granted access to its arch-foe's more popular Web-surfing app."
"UPDATE 1-Google's Chrome browser to be available on Apple's iPad  iPhone " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 28 Google Inc's  Chrome  the world's top Internet browser  is now available on the iPhone and iPad  as Apple Inc finally granted access to its arch-foe's more popular Web-surfing app."
"Exclusive: Amazon to take on Brazil's ecommerce jungle " "SAO PAULO Amazon.com Inc  is expected to set up a digital bookstore in Brazil in the fourth quarter  as it seeks to get a piece of the fast-growing online retail market in the country that inspired its name."
"Google's Chrome browser to be available on Apple's iPad  iPhone " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc's Chrome  the world's top Internet browser  is now available on the iPhone and iPad  as Apple Inc finally granted access to its arch-foe's more popular Web-surfing app."
"Amazon buys map startup UpNext: report " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc  reportedly agreed on Monday to buy mapping startup UpNext  the latest sign of increased competition between the world's largest Internet retailer and tech rivals such as Google Inc  and Apple Inc ."
"Amazon buys map startup UpNext - report " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 2 Amazon.com Inc  reportedly agreed on Monday to buy mapping startup UpNext  the latest sign of increased competition between the world's largest Internet retailer and tech rivals such as Google Inc  and Apple Inc."
"Rakuten  Japan's Amazon  steals a march on its nemesis " "TOKYO Japanese ecommerce giant Rakuten Inc looks set to steal a march on rival Amazon.com when it launches its Kobo e-reader and e-book service in Japan on Thursday."
"Rakuten  Japan's Amazon  steals a march on its nemesis " "TOKYO  July 17 Japanese ecommerce giant Rakuten Inc looks set to steal a march on rival Amazon.com  when it launches its Kobo e-reader and e-book service in Japan on Thursday."
"Analysis: Leaders seen staying on top this back-to-school season " "NEW YORK Investors betting on retail stocks this back-to-school season are looking to the current class leaders and expecting them to keep posting high marks."
"Freescale shares fall on weak sales outlook " "Shares of Freescale Semiconductor Holdings Ltd  fell nearly 12 percent in early trade after the chipmaker forecast third-quarter revenue below expectations and several brokerages cut their price target on the stock."
"Amazon CEO uses Web front page to recruit workers " "Amazon.com Inc Chief Executive Jeff Bezos launched a recruiting drive on the front page of the company's website on Monday as the largest Internet retailer seeks staff for its vast and expanding network of warehouses."
"Amazon's mobile ambitions grow " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc  plans to expand its mobile platform and broaden its offering of devices beyond e-readers and the Kindle Fire tablet  analysts  developers and retail partners said ahead of results next week from the world's largest Internet retailer."
"Bezos in recruiting drive on Amazon front page " "July 23 Amazon.com Inc Chief Executive Officer Jeff Bezos launched a recruiting drive on the front page of the company's website on Monday as the largest Internet retailer seeks staff for its vast and expanding network of warehouses."
"Costs of Amazon's Kindle Fire fall  allowing price cut " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 23 The cost to make Amazon.com Inc's Kindle Fire has fallen since the tablet was launched last year  giving the company room to cut the price aggressively  according to analysts."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon CEO uses Web front page to recruit workers " "* New program may promote warehouse job security -analyst"
"Amazon courts software developers for apps and games " "* Amazon may become number three in developer revenues-Glu CEO"
"Amazon courts software developers for apps and games " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc has focused single-mindedly on consumers for much of its existence. Now it has a new obsession: developers."
"Google  eBay  Amazon  Facebook back new lobbying group " "* Internet Association's full rollout will be in September"
"Amazon profit margin rises as new businesses grow " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc reported quarterly results on Thursday that showed the growth of new businesses is boosting the profit margins of the world's largest Internet retailer."
"Amazon second-quarter revenue climbs 29 percent " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 26 Amazon.com Inc  reported second-quarter revenue of $12.83 billion  up 29 percent from a year earlier."
"AMAZON-SHIPPING/BRIEF (URGENT) " "July 26 Amazon.Com Inc Chief Financial Office Tom Szkutak quelled recent speculation about the companys plans to offer same-day delivery. During a conference call with analysts  the CFO said Amazon is always trying to build distribution centers closer to customers. However  the executive said the company does not see ""a way to  offer same-day delivery on broad scale economically."""
"Instant view: Facebook's inaugural results underwhelm  Amazon's outlook weak " "SAN FRANCISCO Facebook Inc's first set of quarterly numbers failed to impress investors hoping for signs that the world's No. 1 social network can reverse a gradual deceleration in user and revenue growth."
"UPDATE 3-Amazon profit margin rises as new businesses grow " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 26 Amazon.com Inc  reported quarterly results on Thursday that showed the growth of new businesses is boosting the profit margins of the world's largest Internet retailer."
"Amazon shares up nearly 8 percent on profit hopes " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc  shares jumped 8 percent on Friday after quarterly results gave Wall Street hope that the world's largest Internet retailer is focusing on profits."
"Amazon's profit margin rises as new businesses grow " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc reported quarterly results on Thursday that showed the growth of new businesses is boosting the profit margins of the world's largest Internet retailer."
"UPDATE 4-Amazon's profit margin rises as new businesses grow " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 26 Amazon.com Inc  reported quarterly results on Thursday that showed the growth of new businesses is boosting the profit margins of the world's largest Internet retailer."
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT - S&P  Nasdaq climb 1 pct; Merck  Amazon lead " "NEW YORK  July 27 U.S. stocks extended gains on Friday  with the S&P and Nasdaq up more than 1 percent  after a report on economic growth fed hopes for more Federal Reserve stimulus  with added support from Merck and Amazon.com after quarterly results."
"Amazon unveils music matching service rivaling Apple's " "* New service will scan users' iTunes libraries  among others"
"Amazon launches Instant Video app for Apple's iPad " "Amazon.com Inc launched a video application for Apple Inc's iPad on Wednesday  the latest effort by the world's largest retailer to get its digital content on as many gadgets as possible."
"Amazon launches Instant Video app for Apple's iPad " "Aug 1 Amazon.com Inc said on Wednesday it launched a video streaming and downloading application for Apple Inc's iPad."
"Amazon unveils music matching service rivaling Apple's " "Amazon.com Inc announced a scan-and-match digital music service on Tuesday  stepping up competition with Apple Inc's iTunes."
"Analysis: Amazon pushes digital content on many gadgets " "Amazon.com Inc is trying to get its digital music and video on as many gadgets as possible as the world's largest Internet retailer replicates a strategy that paid off for its Kindle e-book business."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon launches Instant Video app for Apple's iPad " "Aug 1 Amazon.com Inc launched a video application for Apple Inc's iPad on Wednesday  the latest effort by the world's largest retailer to get its digital content on as many gadgets as possible."
"PRESS DIGEST - Financial Times - Aug 2 " "Senior government figures are discussing the possibility of buying out private investors in Royal Bank of Scotland."
"Special Report: Brazil backslides on protecting the Amazon " "ITAITUBA  Brazil Ivo Lubrinna has been wildcatting for gold in the jungle here for more than 30 years. It's a notoriously messy business  as crews strip away topsoil in the forest and along riverbanks and use mercury and other pollutants to draw precious metal from mud."
"EBay tests same-day delivery with big retailers " "* App lets shoppers order products from hundreds of local stores"
"Exclusive: Amazon seeks leader for patent acquisitions " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc is recruiting a cadre of intellectual property experts for a push into patent acquisition and licensing  the latest turn in its intensifying battles with Apple Inc and Google Inc in mobile devices and digital content."
"PRESS DIGEST - Financial Times - Aug 8 " "Standard Chartered hit back hard on Tuesday against U.S. regulatory attempts to cast it as a ""rogue institution""."
"Taiwan stocks - Factors to watch - Aug 9 " "TAIPEI  Aug 9 Following are news items and media reports that may affect the Taiwan stock market.           REUTERS HEADLINES > Quanta Computer July sales up 4 pct on year         > UMC July sales rise 9 pct on year                   > HP braces for huge loss after $8 bln EDS writedown  > RIM shares rise on hopes of Samsung licensing deal  > Amazon seeks leader for patent acquisitions         > China firm seeks major stake in U.S. battery co     > Reuters global "
"Barnes & Noble cuts price on Nook tablets " "NEW YORK  Aug 12 Barnes & Noble Inc cut prices on three models of its Nook e-reader and tablet devices on Sunday  ahead of the peak of the back to school season and amid speculation that rival Amazon.com Inc is preparing to launch a new version of its Kindle Fire tablet."
"EBay shares gain on strong July sales data " "EBay Inc shares rose 3 percent on Monday  closing in on a multi-year high after data showed the world's largest online marketplace had a strong sales month in July."
"AmazonLocal taps YP's abundant sales force to compete with Groupon " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc's daily deal business  AmazonLocal  is running more offers arranged by local advertising giant YP.com  helping the world's largest Internet retailer better compete with Groupon Inc."
"AmazonLocal taps YP's abundant sales force to compete with Groupon " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 16 Amazon.com Inc's  daily deal business  AmazonLocal  is  running more offers arranged by local advertising giant YP.com  helping the world's largest Internet retailer better compete with Groupon Inc ."
"Brazil's Belo Monte dam risks delay after court order " "SAO PAULO  Aug 17 The opening of Brazil's $13 billion Belo Monte dam in the Amazon could be delayed if a court order requiring construction to stop is not overturned by December  the head of the consortium building the project said on Friday."
"Brazil's Belo Monte dam risks delay after court order " "SAO PAULO The opening of Brazil's $13 billion Belo Monte dam in the Amazon could be delayed if a court order requiring construction to stop is not overturned by December  the head of the consortium building the project said on Friday."
"HRT says makes new hydrocarbons discovery in Brazil's Amazon " "Aug 20 Oil company HRT said it made a new discovery of hydrocarbons in the 1-HRT-9-AM well in Brazil's Solimoes Basin in the Amazon region where its drilling operations are focused."
"Amazon event on September 6 sparks Kindle speculation " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc sent out invitations on Thursday to a September 6 press conference near Los Angeles  re-igniting speculation about possible new tablet devices from the world's largest Internet retailer."
"Amazon plans press conference for Sept. 6 " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 23 Amazon.com Inc is planning a press conference on Sept. 6 near Los Angeles  according to an invitation the world's largest Internet retailer sent out to the media on Thursday."
"UPDATE 2-Amazon event on Sept. 6 sparks Kindle speculation " " "
"Judge overturns suspension of Brazil's Belo Monte dam " "BRASILIA A Brazilian judge said on Monday construction could resume on the controversial $13 billion Belo Monte dam in the Amazon  alleviating concerns that key work would not be done ahead of the rainy season."
"Judge overturns suspension of Brazil's Belo Monte dam " "BRASILIA  Aug 27 A Brazilian judge said on Monday construction could resume on the controversial $13 billion Belo Monte dam in the Amazon  alleviating concerns that key work would not be done ahead of the rainy season."
"Venezuela investigates alleged massacre in Amazon tribal village " "CARACAS Venezuela's public prosecutor on Wednesday said it is investigating an alleged massacre of indigenous people in the Amazon rainforest  after a tribal group told the government that a village of 80 natives was attacked in July from a helicopter."
"Venezuela investigates alleged massacre in Amazon tribal village " "* Government unable to confirm attack or possible death toll"
"Amazon says Kindle Fire has 22 pct of U.S. market  is sold out " "Aug 30 Amazon.com Inc said on Thursday that its Kindle Fire tablet accounts for 22 percent of U.S. tablet sales and that the device is sold out."
"Amazon says Kindle Fire has sold out " "Amazon.com Inc said on Thursday its Kindle Fire tablet computer is sold out  raising expectations that the world's largest Internet retailer will launch at least one new version of the device at an event next week."
"Exclusive: Amazon teams with Nokia  snubs Google for maps - sources " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc's new Kindle Fire will have mapping services via a tie-up with Nokia Oyj  according to two people familiar with the situation  filling a gap in the tablet's capabilities while snubbing Google Inc's popular service."
"Paul Allen's real estate firm to sell Amazon headquarters " "SEATTLE Microsoft Corp  co-founder Paul Allen's investment empire plans to sell the buildings housing the headquarters of online retailer Amazon.com Inc  in Seattle."
"Paul Allen's real estate firm to sell Amazon HQ " "SEATTLE  Aug 30 Microsoft Corp  co-founder Paul Allen's investment empire plans to sell the buildings housing the headquarters of online retailer Amazon.com Inc in Seattle."
"Apple  publishers offer antitrust concessions: source " "BRUSSELS Apple and four major publishers have offered to allow retailers such as Amazon to sell e-books at a discount for two years in a bid to end an EU antitrust investigation and stave off possible fines  a person familiar with the matter said on Friday."
"Apple  publishers offer EU e-book antitrust concessions - source " "BRUSSELS  Aug 31 Apple and four major publishers will allow retailers such as Amazon to sell e-books at a discount for two years in a bid to end an EU antitrust investigation and stave off possible fines  a person familiar with the matter said on Friday."
"UPDATE 1-Apple  publishers offer antitrust concessions -source " "* Concession would allow retailers to discount e-books for 2 yrs"
"Navy SEAL bin Laden book out-selling '50 Shades' on Amazon " "No Easy Day  the controversial book by a former U.S. Navy SEAL about the commando raid that killed Osama bin Laden  has stormed to the top of U.S. book sales on online retailer Amazon.com."
"Navy SEAL bin Laden book out-selling '50 Shades' on Amazon " "Sept 3 ""No Easy Day "" the controversial book by a former U.S. Navy SEAL about the commando raid that killed Osama bin Laden  has stormed to the top of U.S. book sales on online retailer Amazon.com."
"Amazon and Epix strike movie deal; Netflix shares drop " "Amazon Inc and Hollywood studio partnership Epix struck a three-year deal that adds about 3 000 movies to Amazon's video streaming library  ramping up competition with the likes of Netflix Inc and Apple Inc."
"Amazon to launch new weapon in tablet battle " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc is expected to launch a new tablet on Thursday  the latest salvo in a battle for control of mobile access to the Internet."
"Amazon takes on Apple with larger  cheaper Kindle Fires " "SANTA MONICA  California Amazon.com Inc unveiled larger Kindle Fire tablets on Thursday  challenging Apple Inc's dominant iPad with lower prices and a trove of digital content that Amazon hopes will win it a bigger share of the booming tablet market."
"BRIEF-Amazon.com unveils new kindle fire for $159 " "LOS ANGELES  Sept 6 Amazon.Com Inc :  * Unveils new kindle fire for $159  * Upgraded kindle fire is 40 percent faster  has longer battery life  * Amazon unveils kindle fire hd with 8.9 inch screen"
"BRIEF-Amazon says new 8.9-inch Kindle Fire HD tablet costs $299 " "Sept 6 Amazon.com said on Thursday that its new 8.9 inch Kindle Fire HD tablet costs $299 and ships on Nov 20. The company also unveiled a new 7 inch Kindle Fire HD tablet with 16GB storage and a $199 price tag."
"BRIEF-Amazon to sell 7 inch Kindle Fire tablets in Europe starting this fall-exec " "Sept 6 Amazon.com to sell Kindle Fire and 7 inch Kindle Fire HD tablets in Europe starting this fall-company executive."
"Judge approves U.S. settlement with publishers over e-books " "* Apple  5 publishers accused of conspiring to raise prices"
"Nvidia's miss in Kindle Fire surprises some investors " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc's decision to use a processor made by Texas Instruments Inc for its newest Kindle Fire tablets has surprised some investors and experts who thought Nvidia Inc's Tegra 3 chip would be tapped for the high-profile device."
"Nvidia's miss in Kindle Fire surprises some investors " "SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 6 Amazon.com Inc's  decision to use a processor made by Texas Instruments Inc  for its newest Kindle Fire tablets has surprised some investors and experts who thought Nvidia Inc's Tegra 3 chip would be tapped for the high-profile device."
"Staples to carry new Kindle Fire models as early as this month " "No. 1 U.S. office supply chain Staples Inc said its U.S. stores will carry some of the larger  faster  aggressively priced Kindle Fire tablets that Amazon.com Inc unveiled on Thursday  starting as early as later this month. | Video "
"Staples to carry new Kindle Fire models as early as this month " "Sept 6 No. 1 U.S. office supply chain Staples Inc said its U.S. stores will carry some of the larger  faster  aggressively priced Kindle Fire tablets that Amazon.com Inc unveiled on Thursday  starting as early as later this month."
"UPDATE 7-Amazon takes on Apple with larger  cheaper Kindle Fires " "* Top Fire  with 64GB of storage and 4G wireless  costs $599"
"Amazon takes on Apple with larger  cheaper Kindle Fires " "SANTA MONICA  California Amazon.com Inc unveiled larger Kindle Fire tablets on Thursday  challenging Apple Inc's dominant iPad with lower prices and a trove of digital content that Amazon hopes will win it a bigger share of the booming tablet market."
"Best Buy starts pre-sale of new Kindle devices " "Sept 7 Electronics retailer Best Buy Co Inc  said it has started taking pre-orders for the new Kindle Fire tablets that online retail giant Amazon.com Inc  launched on Thursday."
"Factbox: Amazon unveils new tablets to challenge the iPad " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc unveiled new Kindle Fire tablets on Thursday  challenging Apple Inc's dominant iPad."
"Amazon's new high-end tablet lacks FCC approval for sale " "Amazon.com Inc trumpeted cutting-edge wireless technology as a key selling point for the fanciest of the new Kindle devices introduced by CEO Jeff Bezos on Thursday. There's just one problem: the devices have not yet been approved for sale by the Federal Communications Commission."
"Amazon's new high-end tablet lacks FCC approval for sale " "* Pre-order emails include disclaimers regarding FCC approval"
"RPT-Amazon's new high-end tablet lacks FCC approval for sale " "* Pre-order emails include disclaimers regarding FCC approval"
"Amazon  in switch  will let Kindle users pay to opt out of ads " "Amazon.com  in an apparent switch in its pricing policy  said over the weekend that it will allow purchasers of its new Kindle Fire tablets to pay $15 extra to turn off advertisements that are built into the devices."
"Amazon  in switch  will let Kindle users pay to opt out of ads " "Sept 9 Amazon.com  in an apparent switch in its pricing policy  said over the weekend that it will allow purchasers of its new Kindle Fire tablets to pay $15 extra to turn off advertisements that are built into the devices."
"Amazon to launch Kindle in Japan next month: Nikkei " "Amazon.com Inc is expected to release the Kindle e-book reader in Japan early October  the Nikkei reported."
"Amazon to launch Kindle in Japan next month - Nikkei " "Sept 22 Amazon.com Inc is expected to release the Kindle e-book reader in Japan early October  the Nikkei reported."
"Nasdaq strikes cloud deal with Amazon to cut clients' data costs " "LONDON Nasdaq OMX on Tuesday launched a cloud computing platform built by Amazon Web Services which it said would allow its trading clients to cut the cost of storing financial data."
"Nasdaq strikes cloud deal with Amazon to cut clients' data costs " "LONDON  Sept 25 Nasdaq OMX on Tuesday launched a cloud computing platform built by Amazon Web Services  which it said would allow its trading clients to cut the cost of storing financial data."
"UPDATE 2-Barnes & Noble to launch video service for Nook " "Sept 25 Barnes & Noble Inc is launching a video streaming and download service this autumn for its Nook e-books and device business in the latest volley in its battle to keep up with Amazon.com Inc."
"Barnes & Noble launches new tablets in e-books fight " "NEW YORK Barnes & Noble Inc's first high-definition tablets  unveiled on Wednesday  were well received by analysts who said the devices keep the bookseller in the fight with Amazon.com Inc  Apple Inc and Google Inc - for now."
"IBM aims for Amazon  Salesforce.com with midsize cloud plan: WSJ " "International Business Machines Corp will announce on Wednesday that it will ramp up efforts to sell cloud computing services to midsize businesses  the Wall Street Journal reported on Tuesday."
"IBM aims for Amazon  Salesforce.com with midsize cloud plan - WSJ " "Sept 26 International Business Machines Corp  will announce on Wednesday that it will ramp up efforts to sell cloud computing services to midsize businesses  the Wall Street Journal reported on Tuesday."
"REFILE-Barnes & Noble takes aim at Amazon  Apple with HD Nook tablets " "NEW YORK  Sept 26 Barnes & Noble Inc  took a shot at archrival Amazon.com on Wednesday  unveiling its own lighter and thinner  hi-definition tablets that can accommodate multiple users in a bid to win a bigger share of the exploding tablet market."
"UPDATE 1-Barnes & Noble takes aim at Amazon  Apple with HD Nook tablets " "NEW YORK  Sept 26 Barnes & Noble Inc  took a shot at archrival Amazon.com on Wednesday  unveiling its own lighter and thinner  hi-definition tablets that can accommodate multiple users in a bid to win a bigger share of the exploding tablet market."
"UPDATE 3-Barnes & Noble launches new tablets in e-books fight " "NEW YORK  Sept 26 Barnes & Noble Inc's  first high-definition tablets  unveiled on Wednesday  were well received by analysts who said the devices keep the bookseller in the fight with Amazon.com Inc  Apple Inc and Google Inc - for now."
"Amazon offering loans to its online sellers " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc is launching a new business offering loans to some of its online sellers  a move that could boost the growth of its Internet marketplace while exposing it to potential credit risks."
"Amazon offering loans to online sellers - ChannelAdvisor CEO " "SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 27 Amazon.com Inc  is launching a new business offering loans to some of its online sellers  a move that could boost the growth of its giant Internet marketplace  Chief Executive Scot Wingo of e-commerce advisory firm ChannelAdvisor  said on Thursday."
"Amazon seeks to throw out Apple ""app store"" advertising claim " "Amazon.com Inc has asked a federal judge to throw out Apple Inc's false advertising claim in a lawsuit challenging the online retailer's use of the ""app store"" name."
"Amazon seeks to throw out Apple ""app store"" advertising claim " "Sept 26 Amazon.com Inc has asked a federal judge to throw out Apple Inc's false advertising claim in a lawsuit challenging the online retailer's use of the ""app store"" name."
"TNK-BP says HRT to drill in likely oil areas of Amazon in 2013 " "MOSCOW  Sept 27 HRT Participacoes em Petroleo   whose share price fell when its first Amazon exploration wells turned up gas instead of oil  will start drilling next year in areas where it expects to find liquids  its Russian partner TNK-BP said on Thursday."
"UPDATE 5-Amazon offering loans to its online sellers " "SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 27 Amazon.com Inc  is launching a new business offering loans to some of its online sellers  a move that could boost the growth of its Internet marketplace while exposing it to potential credit risks."
"CORRECTED-TNK-BP says HRT to drill in likely oil areas of Amazon in 2013 " "(Corrects name of basin to Solimoes in third paragraph and name of company to HRT in fourth paragraph)"
"TNK-BP says HRT to drill in likely oil areas of Amazon in 2013 " "MOSCOW HRT Participacoes em Petroleo   whose share price fell when its first Amazon exploration wells turned up gas instead of oil  will start drilling next year in areas where it expects to find liquids  its Russian partner TNK-BP said on Thursday."
"ASOS names former Amazon man as chairman " "LONDON British online fashion retailer ASOS  said a former managing director of Amazon  in the UK will be its new chairman as its seeks more growth overseas."
"BRIEF-ASOS names Amazon's Brian McBride as chairman " "LONDON  Oct 1 Asos PLC :  * Lord waheed alli is stepping down as chairman  * Waheed alli is stepping down as chairman and will be succeeded by brian"
"UPDATE 1-ASOS names former Amazon man as chairman " "LONDON  Oct 1 British online fashion retailer ASOS said a former managing director of Amazon  in the UK will be its new chairman as its seeks more growth overseas."
"In mobile-computing boom  a battle rages for marketing " "NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc CEO and founder Jeff Bezos  who quipped at a shareholder meeting a few years ago that ""advertising is the price you pay for having an unremarkable product "" is eating those words."
"In mobile-computing boom  a battle rages for marketing " "NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 4 Amazon.com Inc  CEO and founder Jeff Bezos  who quipped at a shareholder meeting a few years ago that ""advertising is the price you pay for having an unremarkable product "" is eating those words."
"Oracle's CFO says no acquisitions needed to compete in cloud " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 4 Oracle Corp has all the pieces it needs to compete in cloud computing but is always interested in looking at compelling M&A opportunities  Chief Financial Officer Safra Catz told investors."
"Amazon pays top dollar to buy Seattle HQ " "Amazon.com Inc said on Friday it will spend over $1 billion to buy its Seattle corporate headquarters in what will be the United States' biggest commercial real estate deal so far this year for a single property."
"Amazon to spend $1.16 bln to buy Seattle offices " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 5 Amazon.com Inc  said on Friday that it will spend more than $1 billion for office space in Seattle."
"STXNEWS LATAM-Vale resumes Amazon iron ore railway operations " "Vale SA  the world's second-largest mining company  said in a statement that it resumed operations on the Carajas Railway in Brazil's Amazon two days after a protest by Brazilian Indian groups blocked the line."
"UPDATE 2-Amazon pays top dollar to buy Seattle HQ " "Oct 5 Amazon.com Inc said on Friday it will spend over $1 billion to buy its Seattle corporate headquarters in what will be the United States' biggest commercial real estate deal so far this year for a single location."
"INSIGHT-Frugal Amazon opens checkbook for streaming video " "* Amazon's Epix deal includes pay-for-performance provision"
"Insight: Frugal Amazon opens checkbook for streaming video " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc's deal to purchase streaming movies from cable network Epix could transform the way such deals are done  thanks to a pay-for-performance sweetener that had not been previously disclosed."
"RPT-INSIGHT-Frugal Amazon opens checkbook for streaming video " "* Amazon's Epix deal includes pay-for-performance provision"
"Amazon gets FCC's OK to sell Kindle Fire 4G tablets " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc received approval from the U.S. Federal Communications Commission to sell its high-end Kindle Fire 4G tablets  a company spokeswoman said on Wednesday."
"Amazon gets US FCC's OK to sell high-end Kindle Fire 4G tablets " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 10 Amazon.com Inc  got approval from the U.S. Federal Communications Commission to sell its high-end Kindle Fire 4G tablets  a company spokeswoman said on Wednesday."
"Crowdsourcing goes to Hollywood as Amazon makes movies " "* Amazon has 21 movie projects  9 TV projects in development"
"Crowdsourcing goes to Hollywood as Amazon makes movies " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc is producing its own movies and TV programming using the consumer tracking and data crunching skills it developed while becoming the world's largest Internet retailer."
"Factbox: Amazon's movie and TV projects " "Amazon.com Inc  the world's largest Internet retailer  has 30 movie and TV projects on the development slate of its Hollywood studio  Amazon Studios."
"Insight: Frugal Amazon opens checkbook for streaming video " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc's deal to purchase streaming movies from cable network Epix could transform the way such deals are done  thanks to a pay-for-performance sweetener that had not been previously disclosed."
"PRESS DIGEST - Financial Times - Oct 11 " "Attempts to create a European giant to rival Boeing  of the U.S. collapsed on Wednesday  amid investor anger at the handling of a multibillion-euro merger."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon gets US FCC's OK to sell Kindle Fire 4G tablets " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 10 Amazon.com Inc  received approval from the U.S. Federal Communications Commission to sell its high-end Kindle Fire 4G tablets  a company spokeswoman said on Wednesday."
"Amazon gets FCC's OK to sell Kindle Fire 4G tablets " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc received approval from the U.S. Federal Communications Commission to sell its high-end Kindle Fire 4G tablets  a company spokeswoman said on Wednesday."
"Amazon CEO confirms Kindle sold ""at cost"" " "Amazon Chief Executive Jeff Bezos confirmed on Thursday that the online retailer sells its Kindle e-reader ""at cost""  with profit coming instead from sales of online content."
"Amazon CEO confirms Kindle sold ""at cost"" " "Oct 11 Amazon Chief Executive Jeff Bezos confirmed on Thursday that the online retailer sells its Kindle e-reader ""at cost""  with profit coming instead from sales of online content."
"Amazon says Kindle users are entitled to e-book refunds " "CHICAGO Owners of Amazon.com's Kindle e-readers will receive refunds on past e-book purchases and see e-book prices drop if a judge approves legal settlements with publishers accused of fixing prices  according to the Internet retailer."
"Amazon in talks to buy Texas Instruments' mobile chip arm: paper " "TEL AVIV Amazon.com Inc  the world's largest Internet retailer  is in advanced talks to buy the mobile chip business of Texas Instruments  Israeli financial newspaper Calcalist reported on Monday."
"Amazon in talks to buy Texas Inst's mobile chip arm-paper " "TEL AVIV  Oct 15 Amazon.com Inc  the world's largest Internet retailer  is in advanced talks to buy the mobile chip business of Texas Instruments  Israeli financial newspaper Calcalist reported on Monday."
"Amazon in talks to buy TI mobile chip arm: paper " "Amazon.Com Inc is in advanced talks to buy the supplier of processors for its Kindle tablet computer  Israeli financial newspaper Calcalist reported on Monday  a step toward vertical integration that could portend a push into smartphones."
"Brazil's HRT in deal with Petrobras to unlock Amazon gas " "RIO DE JANEIRO Shares of Brazil's HRT  surged over 19 percent on Monday after the oil company signed an accord with Petrobras  that could develop a market for natural gas trapped far from clients in remote Amazon jungle."
"Brazil's HRT says signs Amazon natural gas accord with Petrobras " "RIO DE JANEIRO HRT Participações em Petróleo  and its Anglo-Russian partner TNK-BP  signed an accord with Brazil's state-led oil company Petrobras  to draw up a plan to sell natural gas from their Amazon fields  HRT said on Monday."
"Brazil's HRT says signs Amazon natural gas accord with Petrobras " "RIO DE JANEIRO  Oct 15 HRT Participacoes em Petroleo SA and its Anglo-Russian partner TNK-BP  signed an accord with Brazil's state-led oil company Petrobras to draw up a plan to sell natural gas from Amazon fields  HRT said in a statement on Monday."
"S.Korea-Market Factors to watch on Oct 16 " "SEOUL  Oct 16 Following is a list of events in South Korea as well as news stories and press reports that may influence financial markets.          TOP STORIES   >Amazon in talks to buy TI mobile chip arm-paper     >S.Korea doubles 2013 emissions reduction target     >Brent slips to $114 as demand outlook worsens                MARKETS >KOSPI hit one-month low ahead of earnings           >S.Korea won edges up on firm yuan; foreigners lift       MARKET SNAPSHOTS     * U"
"STXNEWS LATAM-HRT says in Amazon gas talk with Petrobras  others " "HRT Participacoes em Petroleo SA on Monday said that it is in talks with Brazilian state-led oil company Petrobras  and other companies about how to sell gas resources it has discovered in Brazil's remote Amazon region. On Sept. 17  HRT chief executive Marcio Mello told Reuters he planed to define how he would sell  or ""monetize"" gas HRT has found in Brazil's Solimoes basin west of Manaus  Brazil by the end of 2012 and sign a contract to sell it by the end of 2013. Anglo-Russian oil company TNK-"
"UPDATE 2-Brazil's HRT in deal with Petrobras to unlock Amazon gas " "RIO DE JANEIRO  Oct 15 Shares of Brazil's HRT  surged over 19 percent on Monday after the oil company signed an accord with Petrobras that could develop a market for natural gas trapped far from clients in remote Amazon jungle."
"UPDATE 3-Amazon in talks to buy TI mobile chip arm-paper " "Oct 15 Amazon.Com Inc is in advanced talks to buy the  supplier of processors for its Kindle tablet computer  Israeli financial newspaper Calcalist reported on Monday  a step toward vertical integration that could portend a push into smartphones."
"Amazon to hire more than 50 000 for holiday season " "Online retail giant Amazon.com Inc said it will hire more than 50 000 seasonal employees at its fulfillment centers across the United States  as the company and its rivals gear up for the winter holiday season."
"Amazon to hire more than 50 000 for U.S. holiday season " "Oct 16 Online retail giant Amazon.com Inc  said it will hire more than 50 000 seasonal employees at its fulfillment centers across the United States  as the company and its rivals gear up for the winter holiday season."
"Amazon makes big Kindle push in U.S. schools " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc announced an initiative on Wednesday to get its Kindle e-readers and tablet computers into schools  entering a market that has been particularly successful for rival Apple Inc and its iPad device."
"Amazon makes big Kindle push in U.S. schools " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 17 Amazon.com Inc  announced an initiative on Wednesday to get its Kindle e-readers and tablet computers into schools  entering a market that has been particularly successful for rival Apple Inc and its iPad device."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon makes big Kindle push in U.S. schools " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 17 Amazon.com Inc  announced an initiative on Wednesday to get its Kindle e-readers and tablet computers into schools  entering a market that has been particularly successful for rival Apple Inc and its iPad device."
"Chinese online shop 360buy makes first foreign push " "SHANGHAI China's biggest online retailer 360buy.com will start selling directly to overseas buyers on Thursday  the first such move by a major Chinese e-commerce firm  as it struggles with increasing competition at home."
"Chinese online shop 360buy makes first foreign push " "SHANGHAI  Oct 18 China's biggest online retailer 360buy.com will start selling directly to overseas buyers on Thursday  the first such move by a major Chinese e-commerce firm  as it struggles with increasing competition at home."
"UPDATE 1-Market Chatter - Corporate finance press digest " "Oct 18 The following corporate finance-related stories were reported by media on Thursday:           * Sprint Nextel Corp is negotiating a deal that would give it control of its partner Clearwire Corp without the need for an acquisition  the Wall Street Journal reported  citing people familiar with the matter.               * In a move that will dismay industry executives openly critical of EU competition policy  Joaquín Almunia  the bloc's antitrust enforcer  is pressing Hutchison W"
"Ecuador says companies join novel Amazon protection fund " "* About a dozen firms contributing to rainforest initiative"
"Amazon says new $199 Kindle Fire HD is top seller " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc said on Monday that its $199 Kindle Fire HD tablet has been the best-selling product on the company's website since the gadget went on sale more than a month ago."
"Amazon says new $199 Kindle Fire HD is top seller " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 22 Amazon.com Inc  said on Monday that its $199 Kindle Fire HD tablet has been the best-selling product on the company's website since the gadget went on sale more than a month ago."
"Apple set to unwrap mini-iPad " "SAN JOSE Apple Inc is expected to make its biggest product move on Tuesday since debuting the iPad two years ago  launching a smaller  cheaper tablet into a market staked out by Amazon.com Inc and Google Inc."
"Apple set to unwrap mini-iPad to take on Amazon  Google " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 22 Apple Inc is expected to make its biggest product move on Tuesday since debuting the iPad two years ago  launching a smaller  cheaper tablet into a market staked out by Amazon.com Inc and Google Inc."
"Apple unwraps mini-iPad to take on Amazon  Google " "SAN JOSE Apple Inc will begin to sell an 8-inch version of the iPad on Friday to compete with Amazon.com Inc's Kindle and other smaller tablets  but it set a higher-than-expected price tag of $329 that Wall Street fears could curb demand."
"Brands cry foul over unauthorized sellers on Amazon " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc is grappling with a problem that eBay Inc has struggled with for years: The proliferation of unauthorized third-party sellers that undercut the world's top consumer brands."
"FEATURE-Brands cry foul over unauthorized sellers on Amazon " "* Brands wants to stop unauthorized discounting on Amazon"
"Reuters Business News Schedule at 0830 GMT " "The Reuters business schedule runs at the following times:"
"RPT-Apple set to unwrap mini-iPad to take on Amazon  Google " "* Unveiling begins Tuesday morning  mini-iPad anticipated"
"UPDATE 1-Apple set to unwrap mini-iPad to take on Amazon  Google " "SAN JOSE  Oct 23 Apple Inc is expected to make its biggest product move on Tuesday since debuting the iPad two years ago  launching a smaller  cheaper tablet into a market staked out by Amazon.com Inc and Google Inc ."
"UPDATE 1-FEATURE-Brands cry foul over unauthorized sellers on Amazon " "* Amazon's 3rd-party selling platform a high-margin business"
"UPDATE 7-Apple unwraps mini-iPad to take on Amazon  Google " "* iPad mini is Apple's first foray into small tablets     * Amazon  Google helped force its hand-analysts     * Price a little on high side  concerns about iPad cannibalization       By Poornima Gupta and Noel Randewich     SAN JOSE  Oct 23 Apple Inc will begin to sell an 8-inch version of the iPad on Friday to compete with Amazon.com Inc's Kindle and other smaller tablets  but it set a higher-than-expected price tag of $329 that Wall Street fears could curb demand.     The 7.9 inch "
"Amazon joins crowded field with Japan Kindle release " "* Amazon up against Rakuten  Apple & Google  Sony in Japan"
"Amazon joins crowded field with Japan Kindle release " "TOKYO Amazon.com Inc will make Japanese language Kindle e-readers and tablets available next month  as the U.S. online seller joins a slew of e-book makers in trying to win market share in the world's second-biggest publishing market."
"Apple unwraps mini-iPad to take on Amazon  Google " "SAN JOSE Apple Inc will begin to sell an 8-inch version of the iPad on Friday to compete with Amazon.com Inc's Kindle and other smaller tablets  but it set a higher-than-expected price tag of $329 that Wall Street fears could curb demand. | Video "
"Amazon reports big quarterly net loss " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 25 Amazon.com Inc  reported a big quarterly net loss on Thursday as the world's largest Internet retailer spends heavily to expand existing operations and develop new businesses."
"Amazon reports first quarterly net loss in years " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc reported its first quarterly net loss in more than five years on Thursday as the world's largest Internet retailer spent heavily and suffered from an economic slowdown in Europe."
"BRIEF-Amazon shares down 4 pct after the bell " "NEW YORK  Oct 25 Amazon.Com Inc :  * Shares down 4 percent after the bell following results"
"UPDATE 4-Amazon reports first quarterly net loss in years " "* Amazon spending heavily on warehouses  Kindle technology  cloud business"
"Amazon reports first quarterly net loss in years " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc  reported its first quarterly net loss in more than five years on Thursday as the world's largest Internet retailer spent heavily and suffered from an economic slowdown in Europe."
"Amazon's spending spree to hurt margins now  boost profit later: analysts " "Amazon.com Inc's spending spree will hurt margins in the near term but boost profit in the long run  analysts said  after the world's No.1 internet retailer posted a loss on heavy spending on technology  infrastructure and digital content."
"Amazon's spending spree to hurt margins now  boost profit later - analysts " "Oct 26 Amazon.com Inc's spending spree will hurt margins in the near term but boost profit in the long run  analysts said  after the world's No.1 internet retailer posted a loss on heavy spending on technology  infrastructure and digital content."
"BRIEF-Amazon.com down 1.5 percent in premarket trading " "NEW YORK  Oct 26 Amazon.Com Inc :  * Shares down 1.5 percent in premarket trading"
"BRIEF-Amazon.com erases earlier declines in premarket trading " "NEW YORK  Oct 26 Amazon.Com Inc :  * Erases earlier declines to gain 1.5 percent in premarket trading"
"Earnings pain sees Britain's FTSE fall back " "LONDON Britain's top shares fell on Friday reflecting caution over the corporate earnings picture after disappointing results from U.S. tech firms Apple  and Amazon ."
"Tech CEOs trade barbs  warm up for holiday tablet wars " "SAN FRANCISCO The biggest names in consumer technology  stung by a string of disappointing quarterly results this month  are suiting up for what's shaping to be the fiercest holiday battle in years."
"TREASURIES-Prices rise with safe-haven support " "* Apple  Amazon results disappoint     * U.S. estimates Q3 GDP growth at 2 percent      By Chris Reese     NEW YORK  Oct 26 U.S. Treasuries rose in price on Friday after lackluster corporate earnings pushed stocks lower and bolstered the safe-haven allure of U.S. government debt.     Gains were pared briefly however after the government's advance estimate of third-quarter U.S. growth came in slightly above expectations at 2 percent  compared with annualized 1.3 percent growth in the "
"US STOCKS-Futures drop as Apple  Amazon results disappoint; GDP eyed " "* Futures down: Dow 106 pts  S&P 10.1 pts  Nasdaq 12.75 pts"
"US STOCKS-Futures fall after Apple  Amazon results; GDP eyed " "NEW YORK  Oct 26 U.S. stock index futures fell on Friday after technology giants Apple and Amazon.com reported lackluster earnings and outlooks  and ahead of economic growth data."
"Analysis: E-readers grapple with a future on the shelf " "SINGAPORE Amidst our growing love affair with the tablet  spare a thought for its increasingly shelfbound sibling: the e-reader."
"Analysis: E-readers grapple with a future on the shelf " "SINGAPORE Amidst our growing love affair with the tablet  spare a thought for its increasingly shelfbound sibling: the e-reader."
"Random House and Penguin merge to take on Amazon  Apple " "LONDON Britain's Pearson and Germany's Bertelsmann plan to merge their publishers Penguin and Random House  aiming to gain the upper hand in their relationship with Amazon and Apple  the leaders in the ebook revolution. | Video "
"UPDATE 5-Random House and Penguin merge to take on Amazon  Apple " "LONDON  Oct 29 Britain's Pearson and Germany's Bertelsmann plan to merge their publishers Penguin and Random House  aiming to gain the upper hand in their relationship with Amazon and Apple  the leaders in the ebook revolution."
"All eyes on Amazon as Brazil's Saraiva looks to sell online unit " "* Brazil's top bookseller may sell online business-sources"
"UK lawmakers to grill Starbucks  Amazon and Google on tax " "LONDON A UK parliamentary committee has invited executives from Starbucks Corp  Google Inc and Amazon.com Inc to answer questions about their tax practices  which allow them to make significant sales in the UK  but pay little tax here."
"UK lawmakers to grill Starbucks  Amazon and Google on tax " "LONDON  Oct 31 A UK parliamentary committee has invited executives from Starbucks Corp  Google Inc  and Amazon.com Inc to answer questions about their tax practices  which allow them to make significant sales in the UK  but pay little tax here."
"BRIEF-Staples has agreed to have Amazon lockers in U.S. stores: Staples spokeswoman " "Nov 5 Staples Inc :  * Has agreed to have Amazon.Com Inc lockers in U.S. stores: Staples"
"Staples to have Amazon lockers in U.S. stores: spokeswoman " "NEW YORK  Nov 5 Staples Inc  the largest U.S. office supply retailer  has agreed to install ""Amazon Lockers"" in its U.S. stores  a Staples spokeswoman said on Mon day."
"Staples to have Amazon lockers in U.S. stores: spokeswoman " "NEW YORK Staples Inc  the largest U.S. office supply retailer  has agreed to install ""Amazon Lockers"" in its U.S. stores  a Staples spokeswoman said on Monday."
"Amazon's offers monthly option on Prime  challenging Netflix " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc is testing a new monthly option for its popular Prime video-streaming service as the world's largest Internet retailer steps up competition with Netflix Inc."
"Amazon's offers monthly option on Prime  challenging Netflix " "SAN FRANCISCO  Nov 6 Amazon.com Inc is testing a new monthly option for its popular Prime video-streaming service as the world's largest Internet retailer steps up competition with Netflix Inc."
"EXCLUSIVE-UPDATE 1-Amazon to win out over Apple in e-book price tussle " "* Critics say current system stops Apple being undercut   (Recasts lead  Adds EU Commission no comment  details)"
"Exclusive - Amazon to win EU e-book pricing tussle with Apple " "BRUSSELS European Union regulators are to end an antitrust probe into e-book prices by accepting an offer by Apple and four publishers to ease price restrictions on Amazon  two sources said on Tuesday."
"Amazon unveils wine marketplace in some U.S. states " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc unveiled a new online wine marketplace on Thursday  in the company's second attempt to crack a sector curtailed by a tangle of complex regulations."
"Amazon unveils wine marketplace in some U.S. states " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc unveiled a new online wine marketplace on Thursday  in the company's second attempt to crack a sector curtailed by a tangle of complex regulations."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon unveils wine marketplace in some U.S. states " "SAN FRANCISCO  Nov 8 Amazon.com Inc  unveiled a new online wine marketplace on Thursday  in the company's second attempt to crack a sector curtailed by a tangle of complex regulations."
"Amazon unveils wine marketplace in some U.S. states " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc unveiled a new online wine marketplace on Thursday  in the company's second attempt to crack a sector curtailed by a tangle of complex regulations."
"Amazon receives $252 million back tax claim " "LONDON Internet retailer Amazon said it had received a $252 million demand from the French tax authorities for back taxes  interest and penalties in relation to ""the allocation of income between foreign jurisdictions""."
"Amazon receives $252 mln back tax claim " "LONDON  Nov 12 Internet retailer Amazon said it had received a $252 million demand from the French tax Authorities for back taxes  interest and penalties in relation to ""the allocation of income between foreign jurisdictions""."
"CORRECTED-UPDATE 1-UK lawmakers slam Starbucks  Amazon and Google on tax " "(Corrects one reference to Amazon  mistakenly referred to as Google  in paragraph 19)"
"REFILE-Starbucks  Amazon and Google to face UK lawmakers over tax " "LONDON  Nov 12 UK lawmakers will quiz executives of Starbucks  Google and Amazon on Monday about how they have managed to pay only small amounts of tax in Britain while racking up billions of dollars worth of sales here."
"Starbucks  Amazon and Google to face UK lawmakers over tax " "LONDON UK lawmakers will quiz executives of Starbucks   Google  and Amazon  on Monday about how they have managed to pay only small amounts of tax in Britain while racking up billions of dollars worth of sales here."
"UK lawmakers slam Starbucks  Amazon and Google on tax " "LONDON UK lawmakers criticized executives of Starbucks  Google and Amazon on Monday for not paying more tax in Britain  and Amazon said it had received a $252 million demand for back taxes from France. | Video "
"UPDATE 1-Amazon receives $252 mln back tax claim " "LONDON  Nov 12 Internet retailer Amazon  said it had received a $252 million demand from the French tax authorities for back taxes  interest and penalties in relation to ""the allocation of income between foreign jurisdictions""."
"UPDATE 2-UK lawmakers slam Starbucks  Amazon and Google on tax " "LONDON  Nov 12 UK lawmakers criticised executives of Starbucks  Google and Amazon  on Monday for not paying more tax in Britain  and Amazon said it had received a $252 million demand for back taxes from France."
"Labor violence halts work on Brazil's Belo Monte dam " "* Consortium stops work after workers set fire to vehicles"
"Amazon faces new obstacles in fight for holiday dollars " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc's  gift for dominating the holiday shopping season may lose some of its magic this year."
"Analysis: Amazon faces new obstacles in fight for holiday dollars " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc's  gift for dominating the holiday shopping season may lose some of its magic this year."
"France considers broad tax clampdown on web companies " "PARIS  Nov 14 The French government is discussing how to tax internet companies such as Google  and Amazon both at the national and international levels  a spokeswoman said on Wednesday."
"France considers broad tax clampdown on web companies " "PARIS The French government is discussing how to tax internet companies such as Google and Amazon both at the national and international levels  a spokeswoman said on Wednesday."
"UK store John Lewis seeks multinationals tax probe " "* John Lewis chief says lower taxed rivals threaten UK firms"
"New Issue- Amazon.com sells $3 bln of nts in 3-pts. " "Nov 26 Amazon.com Inc on Monday sold $3 billion of senior unsecured notes notes in 3-parts  said IFR  a Thomson Reuters service.      Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley were the joint active bookrunning managers for the sale.  BORROWER: AMAZON.COM   TRANCHE 1 AMT $750 MLN    COUPON 0.65 PCT    MATURITY    11/27/2015    TYPE SR NTS     ISS PRICE 99.728   FIRST PAY   05/27/2013  MOODY'S Baa1    YIELD 0.742 PCT    SETTLEMENT  11/29/2012    S&P AA-MINUS    SPREAD 38 BPS      PAY FREQ    SE"
"Online sales jump on Cyber Monday  eBay shines " "SAN FRANCISCO Online sales jumped on Cyber Monday  sending e-commerce retailers' shares higher and suggesting strong growth from earlier in the holiday shopping season is continuing for now."
"UPDATE 2-Online sales jump on Cyber Monday  eBay shines " "(Updates  IBM data  adds PayPal numbers and more outside comments)"
"Amazon says big weekend Kindle sales more than double 2011 level " "Nov 27 Cyber Monday was the biggest day ever for sales of Amazon.com Inc's Kindle electronic devices  the online retail giant said on Tuesday  without saying how many it actually sold.     On Monday  Nov. 26  when retailers offered big deals online for ""Cyber Monday "" Amazon.com cut the price of the Kindle Fire tablet by $30 to $129 and it was the biggest Cyber Monday deal ever for Amazon.com  the company said.     Nine of the top 10 best-selling products on Amazon.com since it unvei"
"Brazil reports continued decline in Amazon forest destruction " "BRASILIA  Nov 27 Brazil has something to tout at global climate change talks that began this week in Doha: destruction of the world's largest rainforest is still slowing at a record pace."
"ChannelAdvisor reports faster holiday sales growth on eBay " "SAN FRANCISCO ChannelAdvisor said on Tuesday that client sales on eBay Inc's online marketplace grew faster than on Amazon.com Inc's website during the crucial first five days of the holiday shopping season."
"ChannelAdvisor reports faster holiday sales growth on eBay " "SAN FRANCISCO  Nov 27 ChannelAdvisor said on Tuesday that client sales on eBay Inc's online marketplace grew faster than on Amazon.com Inc's  website during the crucial first five days of the holiday shopping season."
"Cyber Monday sales best ever  for Amazon's Kindle too " "Internet sales jumped more than 30 percent on Cyber Monday  making it the biggest online shopping day ever  according to data released on Tuesday."
"UPDATE 3-Cyber Monday sales best ever  for Amazon's Kindle too " "* Cyber Monday sales up 30.3 percent over 2011 - IBM     * Amazon says its Kindle devices had biggest sales day ever     * ChannelAdvisor says client sales growth stronger on eBay than Amazon       By Alistair Barr     Nov 27 Internet sales jumped more than 30 percent on Cyber Monday  making it the biggest online shopping day ever  according to data released on Tuesday.       Walmart.com  the online division of Walmart U.S.  had its best sales day in history  a spokeswoman said.     "
"Amazon's cloud chief targets ""old guard"" tech giants " "LAS VEGAS Amazon.com Inc's cloud computing division is going after big corporate customers  a new focus that will put the fast-growing unit into direct competition with some of the world's largest technology companies."
"Amazon's cloud chief targets 'old guard' tech giants " "LAS VEGAS  Nov 28 Amazon.com Inc's  cloud computing division is going after big corporate customers  a new focus that will put the fast-growing unit into direct competition with some of the world's largest technology companies."
"Amazon and Google start e-book sales in Brazil " "* Google Play  local rivals staking out fast-growing market"
"Amazon and Google start e-book sales in Brazil " "SAO PAULO Amazon.com Inc and Google Inc both opened their digital bookstores in Brazil on Thursday  hot on the heels of e-book offerings by local booksellers in a fast-growing online retail market."
"Europe needs joint effort to tackle tax avoidance - EU " "* Reuters investigations show how Starbucks  Amazon saved tax"
"Norway to pay Brazil $180 million for slowing deforestation " "OSLO Norway has agreed to give $180 million to Brazil as part of a broader $1 billion deal for slowing deforestation in the Amazon rainforest  Oslo's environment minister said on Thursday."
"Special Report: Amazon's billion-dollar tax shield " "LUXEMBOURG In 2005  Amazon rented a historic five-storey building in Luxembourg's Grund quarter  right at the bottom of a steep rock-walled valley below the old town. | Video "
"Amazon launches Kindle store in China  could pave way for Kindle " "SHANGHAI Amazon.com Inc has launched a Kindle store for China  the company said on Thursday  selling Chinese electronic books for the mobile Kindle application  in a move that could soon see the device launched in China."
"Amazon launches Kindle store in China  could pave way for Kindle " "SHANGHAI  Dec 13 Amazon.com Inc has launched a Kindle store for China  the company said on Thursday  selling Chinese electronic books for the mobile Kindle application  in a move that could soon see the device launched in China."
"Amazon wins EU e-book pricing battle with Apple " "BRUSSELS  Dec 13 European Union regulators ended an antitrust probe into e-book prices on Thursday  accepting an offer by Apple and four publishers to ease pricing restrictions on Amazon and other retailers."
"Amazon wins EU e-book pricing battle with Apple " "BRUSSELS European Union regulators ended an antitrust probe into e-book prices on Thursday  accepting an offer by Apple and four publishers to ease pricing restrictions on Amazon and other retailers."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon wins EU e-book pricing battle with Apple " "* Apple  publishers let retailers set e-book prices for 2yrs"
"Fifty Shades Freed most popular book on Amazon in 2012 " "Dec 14 E.L. James' erotic romance novel ""Fifty Shades Freed: Book Three of the Fifty Shades Trilogy"" was the best-selling book on Amazon this year  followed by the thriller ""Gone Girl "" the online retailer said on Friday."
"RPT-Brazil takes action against forest carbon deal in the Amazon " "SAO PAULO  Dec 14 (Reuters Point Carbon) - Brazil's Attorney General Office has taken legal action against a deal signed between an Irish company and an Amazon indigenous group for the sale of carbon credits from avoided deforestation."
"Nordstrom family scion keeps up with Amazon online " "SAN FRANCISCO The future of retail came to Jamie Nordstrom not in a dream  but though his email inbox from Amazon.com Inc  the online retailer that Nordstrom now targets as his biggest rival."
"UPDATE 1-US reaches e-books settlement with Penguin " "WASHINGTON  Dec 18 The U.S. Justice Department said on Tuesday it has reached a settlement with Pearson Plc's  Penguin Group in the government's investigation of alleged price-setting in the e-book market."
"US reaches e-books settlement with Penguin " "WASHINGTON The U.S. Justice Department said on Tuesday it has reached a settlement with Pearson Plc's Penguin Group in the government's investigation of alleged price-setting in the e-book market."
"Brazil's JBS says withdraws lawsuit against Greenpeace " "SAO PAULO  Dec 19 JBS SA  the world's largest meat company  said on Wednesday it has withdrawn a lawsuit against environmental activist group Greenpeace and renewed a promise not to purchase cattle from restricted areas in Brazil."
"Brazil's JBS says withdraws lawsuit against Greenpeace " "SAO PAULO JBS SA  the world's largest meat company  said on Wednesday it has withdrawn a lawsuit against environmental activist group Greenpeace and renewed a promise not to purchase cattle from restricted areas in Brazil."
"DEALTALK-Slow growth offline  fear of Amazon drives retail deals " "* Online retailers also see benefits from offline partners"
"Slow growth offline  fear of Amazon drives retail deals " "Bricks and mortar retailers like Nordstrom Inc  and Walgreens  have found a way to deal with growing pressure from Amazon   by joining forces with small e-commerce companies."
"Analysis: Amazon  Google on collision course in 2013 " "SAN FRANCISCO When Amazon.com Inc CEO Jeff Bezos got word of a project at Google Inc to scan and digitize product catalogs a decade ago  the seeds of a burgeoning rivalry were planted."
"Netflix suffers Christmas Eve outage  points to Amazon " "NEW YORK An outage at one of Amazon's web service centers hit users of Netflix Inc.'s streaming video service on Christmas Eve and was not fully resolved until Christmas day  a spokesman for the movie rental company said on Tuesday."
"Netflix suffers Christmas Eve outage  points to Amazon " "NEW YORK  Dec 25 An outage at one of Amazon's web service centers hit users of Netflix Inc.'s streaming video service on Christmas Eve and was not fully resolved until Christmas day  a spokesman for the movie rental company said on  Tuesday."
"UPDATE 1-Netflix blames Amazon for Christmas Eve outage " "NEW YORK  Dec 25 An outage at one of Amazon's web service centers hit users of Netflix Inc's streaming video service on Christmas Eve and was not fully resolved until Christmas Day  a spokesman for the movie rental company said on  Tuesday."
"Amazon most satisfying website to shop: survey " "Amazon.com Inc remained the best website for shopping online while JC Penney Co Inc suffered the largest drop in customer satisfaction of any major online retailer this holiday season  according to a survey released on Thursday."
"Amazon most satisfying website to shop-survey " "* Amazon tops ForeSee satisfaction index for 8th straight year"
"Analysis: Amazon's Christmas faux pas shows risks in the cloud " "A Christmas Eve glitch traced to Amazon.com Inc that shuttered Netflix for users from Canada to South America highlights the risks that companies take when they move their datacenter operations to the cloud."
"Amazon's board loses Silicon Valley entrepreneur Krikorian " "SAN FRANCISCO  Dec 28 Silicon Valley entrepreneur and investor Blake Krikorian has quit the board of Amazon.com Inc about a year and a half after joining  the Internet company said on Friday without stating why."
"Silicon Valley entrepreneur Krikorian quits Amazon board " "SAN FRANCISCO Silicon Valley entrepreneur and investor Blake Krikorian has quit the board of Amazon.com Inc about a year and a half after joining to take up an unspecified role at the buyer of a company he owned."
"UPDATE1-Silicon Valley entrepreneur Krikorian quits Amazon board " "SAN FRANCISCO  Dec 28 Silicon Valley entrepreneur and investor Blake Krikorian has quit the board of Amazon.com Inc about a year and a half after joining to take up an unspecified role at the buyer of a company he owned."
"Judge rejects Apple false advertising claims vs. Amazon " "SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 2 A U.S. judge on Wednesday granted Amazon.Com Inc's bid to end part of Apple Inc's  lawsuit over Amazon's use of the term ""APP STORE "" ruling that Apple cannot bring a false advertising claim against the online retailer."
"Judge rejects part of Apple App Store suit vs Amazon " "SAN FRANCISCO A U.S. judge on Wednesday rejected part of Apple Inc's lawsuit against Amazon.com Inc's use of the term App Store  ruling Apple cannot bring a false advertising claim against the online retailer. | Video "
"UPDATE 1-Judge rejects part of Apple App Store suit vs Amazon " "SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 2 A U.S. judge on Wednesday rejected part of Apple Inc's lawsuit against Amazon.com Inc's use of the term App Store  ruling Apple cannot bring a false advertising claim against the online retailer."
"BRIEF-Amazon.com up in premarket after Morgan Stanley upgrade " "NEW YORK  Jan 7 Amazon.Com Inc :  * Up 2.3 percent to $265.10 in premarket after Morgan Stanley upgrades to ""Overweight"" rating"
"Amazon  eBay sales growth slower in December: ChannelAdvisor " "SAN FRANCISCO ChannelAdvisor said on Tuesday that client sales growth on Amazon.com Inc's and eBay Inc's online marketplaces slowed in December."
"Amazon  eBay sales growth slower in December-ChannelAdvisor " "SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 8 ChannelAdvisor said on Tuesday that client sales growth on  Amazon.com Inc's  and eBay Inc's online marketplaces slowed in December."
"Target to match some rivals' online prices year-round " "Target Corp said on Tuesday it will match on a year-round basis the prices found on the websites of key rivals Amazon.com Inc  Best Buy Co Inc  Wal-Mart Stores Inc and Toys R Us  its latest tactic to hold onto shoppers focused on price."
"UPDATE 2-Target to match some rivals' online prices year-round " "* Target says holiday online price matching now year-round"
"Amazon offers free digital versions of purchased CDs " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc  taking aim at Apple's dominant iTunes store  on Thursday unveiled a service that it hopes will boost digital music sales and encourage more people to use its Cloud music service. | Video "
"Amazon steps up digital music competition with Apple " "SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 10 Amazon.com Inc  unveiled a service that increases competition with Apple Inc's  dominant iTunes store."
"Best Buy online sales rise as Amazon collects more sales tax " "SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 10 Best Buy Co  the world's largest electronics retailer  said its online sales have increased in certain markets as arch rival Amazon.com Inc  collects tax on purchases in more states."
"Best Buy online sales rise as Amazon collects sales tax " "SAN FRANCISCO Best Buy Co  the world's largest electronics retailer  said its online sales have increased in certain markets as arch rival Amazon.com Inc collects tax on purchases in more states."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon offers free digital versions of purchased CDs " "SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 10 Amazon.com Inc  taking aim at Apple's dominant iTunes store  on Thursday unveiled a service that it hopes will boost digital music sales and encourage more people to use its Cloud music service."
"UPDATE 1-Best Buy online sales rise as Amazon collects sales tax " "* Amazon still better on price; Best Buy may still benefit"
"Amazon fighting $234 million tax deficiency in Tax Court -filing " "WASHINGTON  Jan 15 Amazon.com Inc. is challenging a $234 million U.S. tax bill  contesting Internal Revenue Service tax calculations for cash transfers between the parent company and its European subsidiaries  according to a court filing."
"Amazon fights $234 million tax liability in Tax Court " "WASHINGTON Online retailer Amazon Inc is fighting the U.S. Internal Revenue Service over a $234 million international tax bill  a dispute similar to others in which the agency has struggled to collect corporate taxes."
"Amazon holiday results to show sales tax impact " "SAN FRANCISCO Acting as a tax collector may have hurt Amazon.com  Inc's holiday sales analysts and industry executives said  but they expect to know more when the internet retailer reports its fourth-quarter results on January 29."
"UPDATE 1-Wall Street keeps an eye on Amazon's sales tax hit " "* Street expects strong holiday but may be underestimating impact"
"Wall Street keeps an eye on Amazon's sales tax hit " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc's unfamiliar role as tax collector may have dented its crucial holiday quarter by reducing the online retail giant's longstanding price advantage over its rivals in several major markets."
"Amazon buys speech-recognition company Ivona " "SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 24 Amazon.com Inc  said on Thursday that it acquired speech-recognition company Ivona Software  a sign the world's largest Internet retailer may be looking to develop more services similar to Apple Inc's  Siri voice-based search product."
"Amazon buys text-to-speech software company Ivona " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc said on Thursday it acquired text-to-speech technology company Ivona Software  a sign that the world's largest Internet retailer may be looking to develop more services similar to Apple Inc's Siri voice-based search product."
"UPDATE 2-Amazon buys text-to-speech software company Ivona " "* Ivona deal may help Amazon expand Kindle reader base -analyst   (Adds bullets  updates Amazon shares)"
"Poland - Factors to Watch on Jan 25 " "Here are news stories  press reports and events to watch which may affect Poland's financial markets on Friday. ALL TIMES GMT (Poland: GMT + 1 hours):         AMAZON      The world's largest Internet retailer said on Thursday it acquired Poland's text-to-speech technology company Ivona Software  a sign that it may be looking to develop more services similar to Apple Inc's Siri voice-based search product.            PKO BP      Polish pension funds bought at least half of the recent 5.24-billion "
"Amazon quarterly revenue rose 22 pct to $21.27 bln " "SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 29 Amazon.com Inc  said on Tuesday that fourth-quarter revenue jumped 22 percent to $21.27 billion as the world's largest Internet retailer grabbed a big share of online spending during the crucial holiday period."
"Amazon shares set record after strong quarterly profit " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc shares hit a new record on Tuesday after it reported better-than-expected quarterly profit  fueled by the growth of higher-margin businesses during the fiercely competitive holiday quarter."
"BRIEF-Amazon.com shares down 2.5 pct after the bell following results " "NEW YORK  Jan 29 Amazon.Com Inc :  * Shares were down 2.5 percent after the bell following the release of its results."
"BRIEF-Amazon.com shares turn higher in after-hours trade; last up 2.3 pct " "NEW YORK  Jan 29 Amazon.Com Inc :  * Shares turned higher in after-hours trade and were last up 2.3 percent"
"PRESS DIGEST - Financial Times - Jan 29 " "RBS TIPS UK BACK INTO BONUS DEBATE: State-controlled RBS is preparing to pay as much as 250 million pounds in bonuses to staff at an investment banking division heavily implicated in the Libor-rigging scandal.()"
"UPDATE 4-Amazon shares set record after strong quarterly profit " "* Better-than-expected income  margins push shares to record     * High-margin areas like e-books  cloud computing helped drive profit   (Adds more comments and details from results)     By Alistair Barr     SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 29 Amazon.com Inc  shares hit a new record on Tuesday after it reported better-than-expected quarterly profit  fueled by the growth of higher-margin businesses during the fiercely competitive holiday quarter.     The world's largest Internet retailer said that "
"Amazon opens 9 percent higher  analysts raise price targets " "Amazon.com Inc's shares opened 9 percent higher  just shy of a record high  after strong profit margins at the world's largest internet retailer surprised Wall Street."
"Amazon shares set record after strong quarterly profit " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc shares hit a record on Tuesday after it reported better-than-expected quarterly profit  fueled by the growth of higher-margin businesses during the fiercely competitive holiday quarter."
"CORRECTED-UPDATE 1-Wall Street keeps an eye on Amazon's sales tax hit " "(Corrects Jan. 17 story in 9th paragraph to say eBay is an e-commerce company not a retailer)"
"UPDATE 5-Amazon shares set record after strong quarterly profit " "* Better-than-expected income  margins push shares to record     * Higher-margin areas like e-books  cloud computing helped drive profit     * Third-party marketplace growth boosts margins     * Executives tout digital content sales growth     * Warehouses closer to shoppers help Amazon control shipping costs-CFO   (Adds more details from results and analyst conference call)     By Alistair Barr     SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 29 Amazon.com Inc  shares hit a record on Tuesday after it reporte"
"US STOCKS-Futures flat ahead of data; Amazon  Boeing climb early " "NEW YORK  Jan 30 U.S. stock index futures were flat on Wednesday as investors digested recent gains and awaited key U.S. economic data  though Amazon and Boeing both rose after earnings topped expectations."
"US STOCKS-Futures flat ahead of data  Amazon climbs early " "NEW YORK  Jan 30 U.S. stock index futures were flat on Wednesday as investors digested recent gains and awaited a new round of key U.S. economic data  though Amazon surged after its earnings results."
"US STOCKS-Wall St edges higher  Amazon offsets GDP " "NEW YORK  Jan 30 U.S. stocks were flat on Wednesday as an unexpectedly weak read on fourth-quarter economic activity was offset by strong results at Boeing and Amazon.com."
"US STOCKS-Wall St flat after GDP shock  Fed awaited " "NEW YORK  Jan 30 U.S. stocks were little changed on Wednesday as data showing the  economy unexpectedly contracted in the fourth quarter was offset by positive parts of the report and strong results from Boeing Co and Amazon.com Inc."
"US STOCKS-Wall St flat ahead of Fed after GDP shock " "NEW YORK  Jan 30 U.S. stocks were little changed on Wednesday as data showing the economy unexpectedly contracted in the fourth quarter was offset by upbeat parts of the report and strong results from Boeing and Amazon."
"Wall Street keeps an eye on Amazon's sales tax hit " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc's  unfamiliar role as tax collector may have dented its crucial holiday quarter by reducing the online retail giant's longstanding price advantage over its rivals in several major markets."
"Analysis: As growth wanes  Amazon begins to show Wall Street the money " "SAN FRANCISCO After a spending spree in recent years pushed Amazon.com Inc's net results into the loss column  investors are betting that the company is tightening the purse strings and focusing on delivering a solid profit."
"Amazon unveils exclusive 'Downton Abbey' deal with PBS " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc said on Friday that it struck an exclusive deal to distribute seasons of the hit TV show ""Downton Abbey"" to members of its subscription-based video streaming service."
"Amazon unveils exclusive 'Downton Abbey' deal with PBS " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 1 Amazon.com Inc  said on Friday that it struck an exclusive deal to distribute seasons of the hit TV show ""Downton Abbey"" to members of its subscription-based video streaming service."
"Amazon forest more resilient to climate change than feared-study " "* Greenhouse gas CO2 will act as a fertiliser-Nature study"
"Amazon forest more resilient to climate change than feared - study " "OSLO The Amazon rainforest is less vulnerable to die off because of global warming than widely believed because the greenhouse gas carbon dioxide also acts as an airborne fertilizer  a study showed on Wednesday."
"New York defends its 'Amazon tax' in court " "Feb 6 Major online retailers Amazon.com Inc  and Overstock.com on Wednesday told a New York state court that they should be allowed to not charge state sales tax."
"New York defends its ""Amazon tax"" in court " "Major online retailers Amazon.com Inc and Overstock.com on Wednesday told a New York state court that they should be allowed to not charge state sales tax."
"Metro's electronics retailer to boost online business -report " "BERLIN German group Metro's Media-Saturn consumer electronics retailer aims to step up its online business to compete with the likes of Amazon.com Inc   newspaper Frankfurter Allgemeine Sonntagszeitung said."
"Metro's electronics retailer to boost online business: report " "BERLIN German group Metro's Media-Saturn consumer electronics retailer aims to step up its online business to compete with the likes of Amazon.com Inc   newspaper Frankfurter Allgemeine Sonntagszeitung said."
"Amazon shares climb on Kindle e-book optimism " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc shares climbed more than 4 percent on Tuesday after an analyst note fueled optimism about the company's Kindle e-book business."
"Amazon shares climb on Kindle e-book optimism " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 13 Amazon.com Inc  shares climbed more than 4 percent on Tuesday after an analyst note fueled optimism about the company's Kindle e-book business."
"Amazon tax payoff starts to arrive in some U.S. states " "* After years of fighting  online sellers charging some sales tax"
"Amazon tax payoff starts to arrive in some U.S. states " "Sales tax from Internet commerce  a prize pursued for years by U.S. state governments  is starting to arrive in California and a few other states  providing millions of dollars in new revenue  though not as much as a benchmark study once forecast."
"Office Depot in $976 million deal to buy rival OfficeMax " "Office Depot Inc will acquire smaller rival OfficeMax Inc in a $976 million all-stock deal  the companies said on Wednesday  confirming an agreement inadvertently announced earlier in the day  before it was completed."
"Scripps Networks signs content licensing deal with Amazon " "Feb 28 Scripps Networks Interactive Inc  signed a content licensing agreement with Amazon.com Inc's  subscription-based video streaming service  the U.S. broadcaster's first online-only subscription distribution deal."
"Scripps Networks signs content licensing deal with Amazon " "Scripps Networks Interactive Inc signed a content licensing agreement with Amazon.com Inc's subscription-based video streaming service  the U.S. broadcaster's first online-only subscription distribution deal."
"German book retailers team up against Amazon with new eReader " "FRANKFURT German book retailers have teamed up with Deutsche Telekom  to produce their own eReader to challenge the dominance of Amazon.com  in the growing market for digital books."
"German book retailers team up against Amazon with new eReader " "FRANKFURT  March 1 German book retailers have teamed up with Deutsche Telekom to produce their own eReader to challenge the dominance of Amazon.com in the growing market for digital books."
"FEATURE-What's on Amazon: The e-tailer's quest to make TV hits " "March 3 A new show called ""Alpha House "" whose pilot filmed in New York late last month  has many of the ingredients necessary for television success."
"FEATURE-What's on Amazon: The e-tailer's quest to make TV hits " "March 4 A new show called ""Alpha House "" whose pilot filmed in New York late last month  has many of the ingredients necessary for television success."
"What's on Amazon: The e-tailer's quest to make TV hits " "A new show called ""Alpha House "" whose pilot filmed in New York late last month  has many of the ingredients necessary for television success."
"RPT-FEATURE-What's on Amazon: The e-tailer's quest to make TV hits " "March 3 A new show called ""Alpha House "" whose pilot filmed in New York late last month  has many of the ingredients necessary for television success."
"Google tests same-day delivery  raising marketplace speculation " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 5 Google Inc began testing a same-day delivery service with retailers in recent weeks  the latest move into Amazon.com Inc's e-commerce turf by the world's largest Internet search company."
"Bruno Mars tops Billboard 200 chart with help from Amazon MP3 " "LOS ANGELES  March 6 U.S. R&B singer Bruno Mars grabbed the top spot on the Billboard 200 album chart on Wednesday for the first time after discounted online prices boosted sales of ""Unorthodox Jukebox"" some four months after its release."
"Bruno Mars tops Billboard 200 chart with help from Amazon MP3 " "LOS ANGELES R&B singer Bruno Mars grabbed the top spot on the Billboard 200 album chart on Wednesday for the first time after discounted online prices boosted sales of ""Unorthodox Jukebox"" some four months after its release."
"Google tests same-day delivery  raising marketplace speculation " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc began testing a same-day delivery service with retailers in recent weeks  the latest move into Amazon.com Inc's e-commerce turf by the world's largest Internet search company."
"Publishers oppose Amazon's bid to gain Web names - WSJ " "NEW YORK  March 10 Two publishing industry groups  the Authors Guild and the Association of American Publishers  are opposing Amazon.com Inc's request to own new domain names  The Wall Street Journal reported."
"Publishers oppose Amazon's bid to gain Web names: WSJ " "NEW YORK Two publishing industry groups  the Authors Guild and the Association of American Publishers  are opposing Amazon.com Inc's request to own new domain names  The Wall Street Journal reported."
"Amazon cuts price of largest Kindle Fire tablet " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc said on Wednesday it cut the price of its largest Kindle Fire tablet  part of an effort by the world's biggest Internet retailer to get the device into the hands of as many consumers as possible."
"Amazon cuts price of largest Kindle Fire tablet " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 13 Amazon.com Inc  said on Wednesday that it cut the price of its largest Kindle Fire tablet  part of any effort by the world's biggest Internet retailer tries to get the device into as many consumers' hands as possible."
"UPDATE 2-Amazon cuts price of largest Kindle Fire tablet " "* Price cut driven by higher production  lower costs-Amazon"
"Analysis: Amazon's sellers unhappy about fee hikes  eye rivals " "SAN FRANCISCO A brewing conflict between Amazon.com Inc and its merchants over fee hikes could benefit rival eBay Inc  and provide an opening for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and Google Inc  which are just getting into the space."
"EBay goes after Amazon with fee changes for sellers " "SAN FRANCISCO EBay Inc said on Tuesday it will overhaul fees for sellers on its online marketplace  lowering them for many sellers as it steps up competition with Amazon.com Inc."
"EBay goes after Amazon with fee changes for sellers " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 19 EBay Inc said on Tuesday it will overhaul fees for sellers on its online marketplace  stepping up competition with Amazon.com Inc ."
"UPDATE 1-EBay goes after Amazon with fee changes for sellers " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 19 EBay Inc said on Tuesday it will overhaul fees for sellers on its online marketplace  lowering them for many sellers as it steps up competition with Amazon.com Inc."
"Senate shows support for states taxing online sales " "WASHINGTON The Senate on Friday approved a mostly symbolic measure on Internet sales taxes and showed that legislation allowing states to tax businesses beyond their borders has strong bipartisan support in an often politically fractured Congress."
"Senate shows support for U.S. states taxing online sales " "WASHINGTON  March 22 The U.S. Senate on Friday approved a mostly symbolic measure on Internet sales taxes and showed that legislation allowing states to tax businesses beyond their borders has strong bipartisan support in an often politically fractured Congress."
"Peru pushes for Amazon cleanup at Pluspetrol oil block " "LIMA  March 26 Decades of oil spills in a swath of Peru's Amazon jungle have spoiled the environment and it must be urgently cleaned up by the energy company Pluspetrol to protect public health  Environment Minister Manuel Pulgar-Vidal said."
"UPDATE 3-Wal-Mart steps up its online game with help from stores " "SAN BRUNO  Calif.  March 26 Wal-Mart Stores Inc  is ramping up plans to combine its physical stores with online technology  testing the use of lockers to hold goods ordered on the Internet until shoppers pick them up  as the world's largest retailer tries to catch up with e-commerce leader Amazon.com Inc."
"Wal-Mart steps up its online game with help from stores " "SAN BRUNO  California Wal-Mart Stores Inc is ramping up plans to combine its physical stores with online technology  testing the use of lockers to hold goods ordered on the Internet until shoppers pick them up  as the world's largest retailer tries to catch up with e-commerce leader Amazon.com Inc."
"UPDATE 4-Wal-Mart steps up its online game with help from stores " "SAN BRUNO  Calif.  March 26 Wal-Mart Stores Inc   facing growing competition for quick delivery of physical goods from online retailers like Amazon.com Inc   said on Tuesday it would start using its stores to get Internet orders to customers faster."
"Amazon plans to buy social network for book fans " "Amazon.com Inc  said on Thursday it plans to acquire the book recommendation website  Goodreads."
"Amazon plans to buy social network for book fans " "March 28    Amazon.com Inc said on Thursday it plans to acquire the book recommendation website  Goodreads."
"New York high court upholds state's 'Amazon tax' " "March 28 Amazon and other out-of-state online retailers must collect state tax on New York State customers  the state's highest court ruled on Thursday  a decision at odds with other courts that could set the stage for a showdown in the U.S. Supreme Court."
"New York high court upholds state's ""Amazon tax"" " "NEW YORK Amazon.com Inc and other out-of-state online retailers must collect state tax on New York state customers  the state's highest court ruled on Thursday  a decision at odds with other courts that could set the stage for a showdown in the U.S. Supreme Court."
"UPDATE 1-New York high court upholds state's 'Amazon tax' " "NEW YORK  March 28 Amazon.com Inc and other out-of-state online retailers must collect state tax on New York state customers  the state's highest court ruled on Thursday  a decision at odds with other courts that could set the stage for a showdown in the U.S. Supreme Court."
"Judge rejects Chevron subpoena of advocacy group in Ecuador case " "SAN FRANCISCO A U.S. judge has rejected efforts by Chevron Corp to secure documents from a California environmental advocacy group in a fraud case related to a $19 billion award for rainforest pollution in Ecuador."
"PayPal tests financing for online sellers as Kabbage raises debt " "* Following UK merchant financing program  PayPal plans U.S. test"
"UPDATE 1-PayPal tests merchant financing as Kabbage raises debt " "* Following UK merchant financing program  PayPal plans U.S. test"
"US judge rejects Chevron subpoena of advocacy group in Ecuador case " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 3 A U.S. judge has rejected efforts by Chevron Corp to secure documents from a California environmental advocacy group in a fraud case related to a $19 billion award for rainforest pollution in Ecuador."
"Ding Dong! The Witch Is Dead hits UK chart on Thatcher's death " "LONDON The death of former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher has sent a 74-year-old song  ""Ding Dong! The Witch Is Dead""  flying into the UK charts  figures showed on Wednesday."
"Amazon lifts executive stock awards as Apple rivalry heats up " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc increased stock compensation for key executives in 2012 as the world's largest Internet retailer stepped up competition with Apple Inc  according to a regulatory filing on Friday."
"Amazon lifts executive stock awards as Apple rivalry heats up " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 12 Amazon.com Inc  increased stock compensation for key executives in 2012 as the world's largest Internet retailer stepped up competition with Apple Inc  according to a regulatory filing on Friday."
"EU court decision heralds multi-country European music licenses " "BRUSSELS  April 12 Europe's music royalties societies must now allow artists to sign up to a society of their choice and make multi-country licenses available to the likes of Amazon and Apple after a court backed an EU veto on national monopolies."
"Brazil may fine beef producers buying Amazon cattle " "BRASILIA  April 15 Brazilian prosecutors are seeking to fine 26 beef producers a total of $282 million for buying cattle raised in illegally deforested Amazon areas or on indigenous reservations  the federal prosecution service said on Monday."
"Amazon gains against Apple's iTunes in music downloads " "* Amazon had 22 pct of music download market in late 2012 -NPD"
"Amazon gains against Apple's iTunes in music downloads " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc has grabbed more than a fifth of the market for digital music downloads  helped by the launch of its own tablet computers and aggressive pricing  according to an industry study released on Tuesday. | Video "
"Microsoft targets Amazon with price cuts on 'cloud' services " "SEATTLE  April 16 Microsoft Corp is cutting prices for hosting and processing customers' online data in an aggressive challenge to Amazon.com Inc's lead in the growing business of 'cloud' computing."
"Microsoft targets Amazon with price cuts on ""cloud"" services " "SEATTLE Microsoft Corp is cutting prices for hosting and processing customers' online data in an aggressive challenge to Amazon.com Inc's lead in the growing business of 'cloud' computing."
"Amazon posts 14 TV pilots on Internet to gather viewer feedback " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc's experiment with original video production took a big step forward on Friday as the company posted 14 pilot TV shows on the Internet for free viewing."
"Amazon posts 14 TV pilots on Internet to gather viewer feedback " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 19 Amazon.com Inc's  experiment with original video production took a big step forward on Friday as the company posted 14 pilot TV shows on the Internet for free viewing."
"Penguin offers to scrap Apple e-book deals to end EU antitrust case " "BRUSSELS  April 19 British media group Pearson's  Penguin unit has offered to scrap e-book deals with Apple that imposed price restrictions on Amazon  and other retailers  EU antitrust regulators said on Friday."
"Amazon to sell set-top box to challenge Apple TV: report " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc will release a set-top TV box later this year that will stream video over the Internet  challenging Apple Inc's Apple TV device and a similar gadget sold by start-up Roku  BloombergBusinessweek reported on Wednesday."
"Amazon to sell set-top box to challenge Apple TV: report " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc will release a set-top TV box later this year that will stream video over the Internet  challenging Apple Inc's Apple TV device and a similar gadget sold by start-up Roku  BloombergBusinessweek reported on Wednesday."
"Amazon to sell set-top box to challenge Apple TV-report " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 24 Amazon.com Inc  will release a set-top TV box later this year that will stream video over the Internet  challenging Apple Inc's Apple TV device and a similar gadget sold by start-up Roku  BloombergBusinessweek reported on Wednesday."
"Analysis: Sleeping ad giant Amazon finally stirs " "SAN FRANCISCO/NEW YORK Amazon.com Inc is known in the advertising industry as the ""sleeping giant"" because the world's largest Internet retailer harbors a trove of consumer-spending data that many marketers have called an unrealized opportunity."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon to sell set-top box to challenge Apple TV-report " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 24 Amazon.com Inc  will release a set-top TV box later this year that will stream video over the Internet  challenging Apple Inc's Apple TV device and a similar gadget sold by start-up Roku  BloombergBusinessweek reported on Wednesday."
"UPDATE 1-Internet sales tax bill advances in U.S. Senate " "WASHINGTON  April 24 Wider U.S. tax collections on Internet sales moved another step closer to reality on Wednesday as legislation in the U.S. Senate cleared another procedural hurdle."
"Amazon growth slows  while profit margins expand " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc's revenue growth slowed in the first quarter as the world's largest Internet retail struggled overseas  but margins jumped on lower shipping expenses and the expansion of more profitable new businesses. | Video "
"Amazon to open shipping centre in Czech Republic: report " "PRAGUE Amazon.com Inc plans to build a 100 000-sqm logistics center in the Czech Republic  daily E15 reported  citing several unnamed sources familiar with the company's plans."
"Amazon to open shipping centre in Czech Republic - report " "PRAGUE  April 26 Amazon.com Inc plans to build a 100 000-sqm logistics centre in the Czech Republic  daily E15 reported  citing several unnamed sources familiar with the company's plans."
"Growth concerns dog Amazon as it shores up digital beachhead " "SAN FRANCISCO/NEW YORK Amazon.com Inc's stock sank 6 percent on Friday as a poor financial outlook revived concerns about whether the company can sustain its torrid pace of expansion while profitability improves. | Video "
"UPDATE 3-Growth concerns dog Amazon as it shores up digital beachhead " "* Amazon faces overseas growth challenges  especially in China"
"US STOCKS-Wall Street lower after GDP data  Amazon results " "* Amazon.com weighs on S&P after results; Chevron helps Dow"
"Growth concerns dog Amazon as it shores up digital beachhead " "SAN FRANCISCO/NEW YORK Amazon.com Inc's stock sank 6 percent on Friday as a poor financial outlook revived concerns about whether the company can sustain its torrid pace of expansion while profitability improves. | Video "
"Amazon faces strike threat in Germany over pay  conditions " "FRANKFURT  April 29 Global internet retailer Amazon.com could be facing its first strike in Germany by warehouse workers seeking better pay and benefits."
"Amazon faces strike threat in Germany over pay  conditions " "FRANKFURT Global internet retailer Amazon.com could be facing its first strike in Germany by warehouse workers seeking better pay and benefits."
"Amazon launches Android app store in China " "SHANGHAI Amazon.com Inc launched an Android application store that offers paid apps in China  beating Google Inc  as the online retailer seeks to increase the amount of digital content it offers in the world's largest mobile phone market."
"Amazon launches Android app store in China " "SHANGHAI  May 6 Amazon.com Inc launched an Android application store that offers paid apps in China  beating Google Inc  as the online retailer seeks to increase the amount of digital content it offers in the world's largest mobile phone market."
"Adidas online sales practice draws interest of German watchdog " "HERZOGENAURACH  Germany  May 7 The German cartel office is taking a closer look at the online sales practices of Adidas  which has banned some sellers from offering its products via sites like Ebay and Amazon."
"Adidas online sales practice draws interest of German watchdog " "HERZOGENAURACH  Germany The German cartel office is taking a closer look at the online sales practices of Adidas  which has banned some sellers from offering its products via sites like Ebay and Amazon."
"Amazon buys Liquavista from Samsung  launches digital currency " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc said on Monday it had acquired Liquavista NV from Samsung Electronics Co to help the world's largest Internet retailer develop new displays for mobile devices."
"Amazon workers in Germany set to strike for pay  benefits " "FRANKFURT German labor union Verdi called on workers at Amazon.com to stage a strike in the country on Tuesday to put pressure on the global internet retailer to improve pay and benefits."
"Amazon workers in Germany set to strike for pay  benefits " "FRANKFURT  May 14 German labour union Verdi called on workers at Amazon.com to stage a strike in the country on Tuesday to put pressure on the global internet retailer to improve pay and benefits."
"Amazon cloud partner Apptio raises $45 million " "SAN FRANCISCO Apptio  a start-up that helps big companies like Boeing Co track billions of dollars in technology spending  said on Wednesday that it raised $45 million from institutional investment firms including Janus Capital Group."
"Amazon cloud partner Apptio raises $45 million " "SAN FRANCISCO  May 15 Apptio  a start-up that helps big companies like Boeing Co track billions of dollars in technology spending  said on Wednesday that it raised $45 million from institutional investment firms including Janus Capital Group."
"Analysis: Amazon gets help to lure big business to the cloud " "SAN FRANCISCO As Amazon.com Inc seeks to transform itself into a leading provider of technology to the world's largest corporations  it's discovering that it needs help."
"Apple tells U.S. of tough talks  not collusion  with publishers " "WASHINGTON Apple Inc responded to Justice Department accusations it conspired with publishers to push up electronic book prices  saying it negotiated with a number of publishing companies separately and crafted different agreements with each."
"After Google  Amazon to be grilled on UK tax presence " "LONDON Internet retailer Amazon.com Inc. will be called back to the British parliament to clarify how its activities in the UK justify its low corporate income tax bill  two lawmakers told Reuters."
"After Google  Amazon to be grilled on UK tax presence " " "
"Amazon kills 'Zombieland' TV project  backs 'Alpha House' " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc decided not to turn pilot project ""Zombieland"" into a full TV series  but is going ahead with ""Alpha House "" as the world's largest online retailer enters the next stage of its foray into original video creation."
"Amazon wins key cloud security clearance from government " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc has been given a security clearance by the U.S. government that will make it easier for federal agencies to use its cloud computing services."
"HRT fails to find commercial oil in first of three Namibia wells " "* HRT says non-commercial amounts of top-quality oil found"
"Amazon workers in Germany set for second strike for higher pay " "FRANKFURT  May 27 Workers at global internet retailer Amazon.com's German operations are set to go on a second daylong strike on Monday in a dispute over pay and benefits."
"Amazon workers in Germany set for second strike for higher pay " "FRANKFURT Workers at global internet retailer Amazon.com's German operations are set to go on a second daylong strike on Monday in a dispute over pay and benefits."
"CORRECTED-The new tech palaces: visionary HQs  or cursed trophies? " "(Corrects time element to last week from this week in paragraphs 2 and 8)"
"RPT-The new tech palaces: visionary HQs  or cursed trophies? " "SEATTLE/SAN FRANCISCO  May 28 While much of corporate America is retrenching on the real estate front  the four most influential technology companies in America are each planning headquarters that could win a Pritzker Architecture Prize for hubris."
"Amazon moving ahead with five original TV series " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc said on Wednesday that it will make five original TV series  having used viewer feedback to pick the shows from a group of 14 pilots filmed by the world's largest Internet retailer earlier this year."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon moving ahead with five original TV series " "SAN FRANCISCO  May 29 Amazon.com Inc  said on Wednesday that it will make five original TV series  having used viewer feedback to pick the shows from a group of 14 pilots filmed by the world's largest Internet retailer earlier this year."
"Amazon's German workers called out for third day-long strike " "FRANKFURT  June 3 Workers at Amazon.com's  German operations were set to go on strike on Monday  the third day-long walkout in as many weeks  in a dispute over pay and benefits."
"Amazon's German workers called out for third day-long strike " "FRANKFURT Workers at Amazon.com's German operations were set to go on strike on Monday  the third day-long walkout in as many weeks  in a dispute over pay and benefits."
"Amazon workers in Germany set for third one-day strike " "FRANKFURT  June 3 Workers at internet retailer Amazon.com's German operations are set to hold a third one-day strike on Monday in a dispute over pay and benefits."
"Amazon ad revenue may top $800 million this year: eMarketer " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc advertising revenue may top $800 million this year as the world's largest Internet retailer uses its huge customer base and store of purchasing data to show more-target ads on its websites and those of other companies  eMarketer estimated on Tuesday."
"Amazon plans big expansion of online grocery business: sources " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc is planning a major roll-out of an online grocery business that it has been quietly developing for years  targeting one of the largest retail sectors yet to be upended by e-commerce  according to two people familiar with the situation."
"Amazon plans major move into grocery business -sources " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 4 Amazon.com Inc is planning a major roll-out of an online grocery business that it has been quietly developing for years  targeting one of the largest retail sectors yet to be upended by e-commerce  according to two people familiar with the situation."
"Amazon writes biggest streaming video check for Dora  SpongeBob " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 4 Amazon.com Inc  wrote its largest ever check for a subscription streaming deal on Tuesday to secure hundreds of mostly kids' TV shows for the company's Internet video service  ratcheting up pressure on rival Netflix Inc."
"Amazon writes huge check for video rights to Dora  SpongeBob " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc wrote its largest-ever check for a subscription-streaming deal  securing hundreds of mostly childrens' TV programs from Viacom Inc for its Internet video service and ratcheting up pressure on rival Netflix. | Video "
"Brazil bill seeks to open Amazon to new ethanol mills " "* Investors say ethanol production in Amazon economically viable"
"Penguin CEO takes stand in Apple e-books antitrust case " "NEW YORK  June 4 The chief executive of U.S. publisher Penguin testified Tuesday that a provision in its e-books contract with Apple Inc played a role in a decision to change its contracts with other retailers  such as Amazon.com Inc."
"UPDATE 2-Amazon plans big expansion of online grocery business -sources " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 4 Amazon.com Inc is planning a major roll-out of an online grocery business that it has been quietly developing for years  targeting one of the largest retail sectors yet to be upended by e-commerce  according to two people familiar with the situation."
"Amazon launches ""marketplace model"" in India " "Amazon.com Inc has launched its ""marketplace model"" in India  a country that has big potential for online retailing."
"Amazon launches ""marketplace model"" in India " "June 6 Amazon.com Inc has launched its ""marketplace model"" in India  a country that has big potential for online retailing."
"Amazon plans big expansion of online grocery business -sources " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc is planning a major roll-out of an online grocery business that it has been quietly developing for years  targeting one of the largest retail sectors yet to be upended by e-commerce  according to two people familiar with the situation."
"CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-Amazon plans big expansion of online grocery business -sources " "(In June 4 story  corrects description of FreshDirect in 20th paragraph to reflect that it serves customers in New Jersey and Philadelphia  in addition to New York)"
"Publishers gave Amazon ""ultimatum"" over e-book pricing - executive " "NEW YORK  June 5 Publishers gave Amazon.com an ""ultimatum"" to let them set prices of e-books sold on its website after they reached deals in 2010 to sell through Apple Inc as well  a top executive at the retailer testified on Wednesday."
"Publishers gave Amazon ""ultimatum"" over e-book pricing: executive " "NEW YORK Publishers gave Amazon.com an ""ultimatum"" to let them set prices of e-books sold on its website after they reached deals in 2010 to sell through Apple Inc as well  a top executive at the retailer testified on Wednesday."
"Amazon plans big expansion of online grocery business: sources " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc is planning a major roll-out of an online grocery business that it has been quietly developing for years  targeting one of the largest retail sectors yet to be upended by e-commerce  according to two people familiar with the situation."
"Amazon targets frequent shoppers with new Prime service " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc unveiled a new version of its successful Prime shipping service on Monday as the world's largest Internet retailer tries to attract more-frequent shoppers with groceries and other everyday household products."
"UPDATE 2-Amazon targets frequent shoppers with new Prime service " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 10 Amazon.com Inc  unveiled a new version of its successful Prime shipping service on Monday as the world's largest Internet retailer tries to attract more-frequent shoppers with groceries and other everyday household products."
"FEATURE-From the ashes of Webvan  Amazon builds a grocery business " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 16 The online grocery start-up Webvan may have been the single most expensive flame-out of the dot-com era  blowing through more than $800 million in venture capital and IPO proceeds in just over three years before shutting its doors in 2001."
"CORRECTED-FEATURE-From the ashes of Webvan  Amazon builds a grocery business " "(Corrects to remove reference to Mark Zaleski in paragraph 18)"
"From the ashes of Webvan  Amazon builds a grocery business " "SAN FRANCISCO The online grocery start-up Webvan may have been the single most expensive flame-out of the dot-com era  blowing through more than $800 million in venture capital and IPO proceeds in just over three years before shutting its doors in 2001."
"Rocket's Lazada gets $100 million in bid to be Southeast Asia's Amazon " "Lazada  the Southeast Asian online retail company founded by Germany's Rocket Internet Gmbh  has secured another $100 million from investors in its bid to lift the region from its status as an e-commerce backwater."
"Rocket's Lazada gets $100 mln in bid to be Southeast Asia's Amazon " "June 20 Lazada  the Southeast Asian online retail company founded by Germany's Rocket Internet Gmbh  has secured another $100 million from investors in its bid to lift the region from its status as an e-commerce backwater."
"Apple warns of ""chilling effect"" as antitrust trial ends " "NEW YORK Apple Inc  on trial for allegedly colluding to raise the price of e-books  said on Thursday an adverse ruling would have a ""chilling effect"" on how businesses investigate new markets."
"France to seek ban on Amazon bundled discounts  free delivery " "PARIS France's Socialist government aims to introduce a law preventing online retailer Amazon from offering both discounts and free delivery for books in France  the culture minister said  arguing this amounts to unfair competition."
"France to seek ban on Amazon bundled discounts  free delivery " "PARIS  June 21 France's Socialist government aims to introduce a law preventing online retailer Amazon from offering both discounts and free delivery for books in France  the culture minister said  arguing this amounts to unfair competition."
"Barnes & Noble retreats from tablet wars as Nook sales plummet " "Barnes & Noble Inc will stop manufacturing its own Nook tablets  marking the end of its expensive attempt to compete alone with deep-pocketed rivals Amazon.com Inc  Apple Inc and Google Inc in the tablet wars. | Video "
"CORRECTED-TABLE-Kenko com Inc -2013 group forecast " "(Corrects the accounting period to 9 months from full year) Jun 25 (Reuters) -               Kenko.com Inc                    CONSOLIDATED EARNINGS ESTIMATES   (in billions of yen unless specified)                                      9 months to      9 months to                 Dec 31  2013      Dec 31  2013                      LATEST           PREVIOUS                       FORECAST          FORECAST        Sales            15.00             20.00         Operating       80 mln            160"
"Square's website for small businesses takes on e-commerce giants " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 27 Since 2010  Square Inc's matchbox-sized card readers have steadily supplanted credit card machines in coffee shops and corner stores across the United States."
"Publisher scraps Paula Deen's top-selling cookbook before release " "LOS ANGELES An upcoming book of recipes by disgraced celebrity chef Paula Deen that shot to the top of online bookseller Amazon's best-sellers list has been canceled  the publisher said on Friday  adding to the fallout from Deen's use of a racial slur."
"Publisher scraps Paula Deen's top-selling cookbook before release " "LOS ANGELES  June 28 An upcoming book of recipes by disgraced celebrity chef Paula Deen that shot to the top of online bookseller Amazon's best-sellers list has been canceled  the publisher said on Friday  adding to the fallout from Deen's use of a racial slur."
"UPDATE 4-OGX down 39 pct as Brazil oil company fights to survive " "* Three offshore oil prospects dumped     * OGX to cancel ship orders  pay OSX compensation     * Rival HRT also scales back Amazon natgas plans   (Adds bond decline details  comment  rival HRT; updates prices)     By Jeb Blount     RIO DE JANEIRO  July 1 Brazilian billionaire Eike Batista's flagship oil company OGX Petroleo e Gas SA  slashed capital spending on Monday and pulled the plug on three offshore oil prospects  the latest move by his EBX Group to bolster finances and avert "
"UPDATE 1-Vale obtains license to expand giant Amazon iron ore mine " "RIO DE JANEIRO  July 3 Vale SA  the world's largest iron ore miner  received a license from Brazil's Environmental Protection Agency to build a $19.5 billion expansion to its giant Carajas iron ore mining project  CEO Murilo Ferreira said on Wednesday."
"Catholic nun's Brazilian killer gets early release from prison " "SAO PAULO The man convicted of killing American nun and Amazon activist Dorothy Stang in 2005  has been released from a Brazilian prison after serving less than a third of his sentence  adding controversy to the long-running struggle over land rights in the rainforest."
"Brazil data indicate increase in Amazon deforestation " "RIO DE JANEIRO Brazilian government figures released on Friday indicated further rise in deforestation in the Amazon  a trend that could soon amount to a full year's reversal from recent progress in the battle against destruction of the world's largest rainforest."
"Governments to target tech giants' tax avoidance - draft " "BERLIN/LONDON  July 5 Western governments are set to target a range of tax loopholes used by technology giants including Apple  Amazon as part of an international drive to tackle corporate tax avoidance  a draft action plan seen by Reuters said."
"Governments to target tech giants' tax avoidance: draft " "BERLIN/LONDON Western governments are set to target a range of tax loopholes used by technology giants including Apple  Amazon as part of an international drive to tackle corporate tax avoidance  a draft action plan seen by Reuters said."
"UPDATE 2-Barnes & Noble CEO resigns after Nook sales slump " "NEW YORK  July 8 Barnes & Noble Inc  Chief Executive William Lynch resigned on Monday after he led a failed attempt by the U.S. bookstore chain to compete against the likes of Amazon.com Inc  Apple Inc and Google Inc in the e-reader and tablet markets."
"Apple  Amazon end 'app store' lawsuit " "Apple Inc and Amazon.com Inc have ended their lawsuit over who has the right to use the ""app store"" name  clearing the way for both companies to use it."
"Barnes & Noble CEO resigns after Nook sales slump " "NEW YORK Barnes & Noble Inc  CEO William Lynch resigned on Monday  an acknowledgement that its digital division Nook has failed to compete successfully in the e-reader and tablet markets and possibly presaging a further shake-up in the company."
"UPDATE 2-Apple  Amazon end 'app store' lawsuit " "July 9 Apple Inc and Amazon.com Inc  have ended their lawsuit over who has the right to use the ""app store"" name  clearing the way for both companies to use it."
"Amazon shares hit another record on strong sales data " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc shares hit another record on Thursday after e-commerce firm ChannelAdvisor Corp released strong online sales data."
"Amazon shares hit another record on strong sales data " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 11 Amazon.com Inc  shares hit another record on Thursday after e-commerce firm ChannelAdvisor Corp released strong online sales data."
"EU court backs Austria in Amazon row over levies " "VIENNA EU countries can under some circumstances collect a levy on blank recording media as a tool to ensure artists get fair rewards for their work  a levy that Amazon.com Inc had fought  the European Court of Justice ruled on Thursday."
"EU court backs Austria in Amazon row over levies " "VIENNA  July 11 EU countries can under some circumstances collect a levy on blank recording media as a tool to ensure artists get fair rewards for their work  a levy that Amazon.com Inc had fought  the European Court of Justice ruled on Thursday."
"UPDATE 2-Amazon shares hit another record on strong sales data " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 11 Amazon.com Inc  shares hit another record on Thursday after e-commerce firm ChannelAdvisor Corp released strong online sales data."
"Amazon criticised over low German tax bill " "LONDON  July 12 Amazon.com Inc's main German unit paid income tax of just 3 million euros in 2012 after the group channelled sales to German clients of $8.7 billion via Luxembourg units  prompting one lawmaker to call for an investigation of the company."
"Amazon criticized over low German tax bill " "LONDON Amazon.com Inc's main German unit paid income tax of just 3 million euros in 2012 after the group channeled sales to German clients of $8.7 billion via Luxembourg units  prompting one lawmaker to call for an investigation of the company."
"RadioShack says its balance sheet is strong  shares up " "RadioShack Corp  said on Friday that its balance sheet continues to be strong  with total liquidity of $820 million at the end of the first quarter  a day after a trade publication reported that the electronics retailer was considering hiring a financial adviser."
"Amazon vs IBM: Big Blue meets match in battle for the cloud " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 21 The tech industry maxim that ""no one ever got fired for buying IBM"" is a testament to how Big Blue has been the gold standard in computing services for decades."
"EBay expands same-day delivery in local battle with Amazon " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 22 EBay Inc  unveiled a big expansion of its eBay Now same-day delivery service on Monday as the company battles with rival Amazon.com Inc for dominance of the emerging online local commerce market."
"Patent company Eolas loses patents to web sites after appeal " "WASHINGTON A U.S. appeals court on Monday ruled in favor of Google  Amazon and J.C. Penney by upholding an earlier court decision that major portions of two patents claimed by Eolas Technologies Inc were invalid."
"Patent company Eolas loses patents to web sites after appeal " "WASHINGTON  July 22 A U.S. appeals court on Monday ruled in favor of Google  Amazon and J.C. Penney by upholding an earlier court decision that major portions of two patents claimed by Eolas Technologies Inc were invalid."
"UPDATE 1-EBay expands same-day delivery  battles Amazon for local business " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 22 EBay Inc  unveiled an expansion of its eBay Now same-day delivery service on Monday as the company battles with rival Amazon.com Inc  for dominance of the emerging online local commerce market."
"Amazon shares dip on cautious third-quarter forecast " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 25 Amazon.com Inc  reported a second-quarter net loss and issued cautious third-quarter forecasts on Thursday  pressuring  shares of the world's largest Internet retailer."
"Amazon's overseas weakness overshadows strength at home " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc forecast disappointing income and revenue as it grapples with a weaker international market  overshadowing improving profitability and economic conditions in the United States. | Video "
"Amazon spending heavily on digital video ahead of holidays -CFO " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 25 Amazon.com Inc  Chief Financial Officer Tom Szkutak said on Thursday the Internet retailer is spending heavily on digital video content ahead of the holidays."
"International Paper profit nearly doubles on price hikes " "International Paper Co   the largest provider of shipping boxes for Amazon.com Inc  and other giant e-commerce companies  posted a better-than-expected quarterly profit on Thursday  helped by price hikes in its biggest unit."
"International Paper profit nearly doubles on price hikes " "International Paper Co   the largest provider of shipping boxes for Amazon.com Inc  and other giant e-commerce companies  said Thursday that quarterly net income nearly doubled as it raised prices in its largest unit."
"Penguin promises EU regulator to scrap Apple ebook deals " "BRUSSELS EU regulators accepted on Thursday a pledge by British media group Pearson's Penguin unit to scrap its ebook deals with Apple which set price curbs on Amazon and other retailers  closing an antitrust case against the company."
"Penguin promises EU regulator to scrap Apple e-book deals " "BRUSSELS  July 25 EU regulators accepted on Thursday a pledge by British media group Pearson's  Penguin unit to scrap its e-book deals with Apple which set price curbs on Amazon and other retailers  closing an antitrust case against the company."
"UPDATE 2-International Paper profit nearly doubles on price hikes " "By Ernest Scheyder     July 25 International Paper Co  the largest provider of shipping boxes for Amazon.com Inc  and other giant e-commerce companies  posted a better-than-expected quarterly profit on Thursday  helped by price hikes in its biggest unit.     IP  which makes shipping boxes as well as boxes for consumer goods such as medicines and cigarettes  said it expected results would only improve later this year as it becomes more efficient and takes market share.     ""Even in a "
"UPDATE 4-Amazon's overseas weakness overshadows strength at home " "* Amazon US sales jump 30 pct  while International sales climb 13 pct"
"US STOCKS-Nasdaq likes Facebook's surge  but earnings curb Dow  S&P " "* Caterpillar  the Dow's biggest drag  falls for second day"
"Amazon hits new high on optimism about its U.S. business " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc shares hit a record on Friday after quarterly results increased optimism about the Internet retailer's U.S. business. | Video "
"Amazon hits new high on optimism about its U.S. business " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 26 Amazon.com Inc  shares hit a record on Friday after quarterly results increased optimism about the Internet retailer's U.S. business."
"EMERGING MARKETS-Brazil stocks choppy on mixed earnings results " "* Usiminas sees better-than-expected Q2 results     * Dow and S&P dip on Amazon Q2 miss     * Brazil Bovespa nearly flat  Mexico IPC up 0.44 pct      By Lucas Iberico-Lozada     SAO PAULO  July 26 Brazilian stocks swung widely on Friday as a dip in global markets offset gains made by local steelmakers after some firms reported better-than-expected second-quarter earnings results.     Mexico's IPC index reversed the previous session's losses  while Chile's bourse fell for the second s"
"US STOCKS-Futures down on profit-taking  mixed earnings " "* S&P 500 has ended higher 13 times in the past 16 sessions"
"US STOCKS-Futures fall in pause after rally  mixed earnings " "* S&P 500 has ended higher 13 times in the past 16 sessions"
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall St ends flat  but Amazon helps Nasdaq " "NEW YORK  July 26 U.S. stocks finished mostly flat on Friday  though a rally in Amazon.com shares a day after the online retailer's results helped boost the Nasdaq."
"US STOCKS-Wall St falls in early trade as market takes breather " "* S&P 500 has ended higher 13 times in the past 16 sessions"
"US STOCKS-Wall St wipes out losses late to end with slim gain " "NEW YORK  July 26 U.S. stocks erased losses late in Friday's session to close slightly higher on investors' optimism about the likelihood that the Federal Reserve will keep its easy money policy in play a while longer."
"Amazon unveils new hiring spree ahead of Obama visit " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc unveiled a new hiring spree on Monday ahead of a visit by President Barack Obama to one of the Internet retailer's giant distribution warehouses this week. | Video "
"Amazon unveils new hiring spree ahead of Obama visit " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 28 Amazon.com Inc  unveiled a new hiring spree on Monday ahead of a visit by President Barack Obama to one of the Internet retailer's giant distribution warehouses this week."
"Amazon founder Bezos to buy the Washington Post " "Amazon.com Inc founder Jeff Bezos will buy the Washington Post newspaper for $250 million in a surprise deal that ends the Graham family's 80-year ownership and hands one of the country's most influential publications to the tech entrepreneur. | Video "
"Factbox: A look inside the Washington Post Co businesses " "NEW YORK Amazon.com Inc. founder Jeff Bezos announced Monday that he had agreed to purchase the Washington Post newspaper and some other papers owned by the Washington Post Co for $250 million. The education and media company's flagship daily is only a small part of its operations:"
"Graham  Bezos hashed out Washington Post deal in Sun Valley " "Donald Graham  the chairman and CEO of The Washington Post Co  started talking to Amazon.com's Jeff Bezos less than a month before cinching a $250 million deal to sell the flagship newspaper to the tech entrepreneur."
"Timeline: Notable events in Washington Post history " "NEW YORK Amazon.com Inc founder Jeff Bezos announced on Monday that he has agreed to buy the newspapers owned by The Washington Post Co for $250 million. Here are some notable events in the history of the company since the founding of its flagship daily in 1877:"
"UPDATE 3-Amazon founder Bezos to buy the Washington Post " "Aug 5 Amazon.com Inc founder Jeff Bezos will buy the Washington Post newspaper for $250 million in a surprise deal that ends the Graham family's 80-year ownership and hands one of the country's most influential publications to the tech entrepreneur."
"Amazon's Bezos to buy the Washington Post for $250 million " "Amazon.com Inc founder Jeff Bezos will buy the Washington Post newspaper for $250 million in a surprise deal that ends the Graham family's 80 years of ownership and hands one of the country's most influential publications to the businessman whose Internet company has transformed retailing. | Video "
"Column: Jeff Bezos is an owner who knows how to deliver " "As the American newspaper business began its red-ink slide in the late 2000s  I fully expected a billionaire to rescue the financially struggling Washington Post. But I never thought its savior would be Amazon founder Jeff Bezos  who purchased the paper today for $250 million."
"Deals of the day -- mergers and acquisitions " "Aug 6 The following bids  mergers  acquisitions and disposals were reported by 1000 GMT on Tuesday:"
"Deals of the day -- mergers and acquisitions " "Aug 6 The following bids  mergers  acquisitions and disposals were reported by 2000 GMT on Tuesday:"
"NEWSMAKER-Jeff Bezos  tech pioneer to turn media baron " "SEATTLE  Aug 5 Jeff Bezos  founder of Amazon.com Inc and soon to be the new owner of the Washington Post  is one of the few chief executives in corporate America who refuse to bow to Wall Street's quarterly profit demands."
"Newsmaker: Jeff Bezos  tech pioneer to turn media baron " "SEATTLE Jeff Bezos  founder of Amazon.com Inc and soon to be the new owner of the Washington Post  is one of the few chief executives in corporate America who refuse to bow to Wall Street's quarterly profit demands."
"PRESS DIGEST-New York Times business news - Aug 6 " "Aug 6 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy."
"RPT-NEWSMAKER-Jeff Bezos  tech pioneer to turn media baron " "SEATTLE  Aug 5 Jeff Bezos  founder of Amazon.com Inc and soon to be the new owner of the Washington Post  is one of the few chief executives in corporate America who refuse to bow to Wall Street's quarterly profit demands."
"Tax rules could force Bezos to play active role at Wash Post " "* But 10 hours a week at Post may be needed for tax benefit"
"Wall Street finishes lower on uncertainty about Fed's move " "NEW YORK Stocks slid for a second consecutive day on Tuesday after comments from a pair of U.S. Federal Reserve officials left investors uncertain about the timing of a possible reduction in its bond-buying program. | Video "
"Amazon's Bezos pays hefty price for Washington Post " "Jeff Bezos has just shown how valuable one-of-a-kind newspaper properties can still be in the United States. | Video "
"How will Amazon's Bezos change The Washington Post? " " "
"How will Amazon's Bezos change The Washington Post? " "SEATTLE Technology and media circles are abuzz at how e-commerce wunderkind Jeff Bezos plans to modernize The Washington Post  a money-losing bastion of the old economy. | Video "
"How will Amazon's Bezos change The Washington Post? " "SEATTLE Technology and media circles are abuzz at how e-commerce wunderkind Jeff Bezos plans to modernize The Washington Post  a money-losing bastion of the old economy. | Video "
"NY Times publisher says newspaper not for sale - NYT " "Aug 8 The New York Times is not for sale  its controlling family and publisher have said  the newspaper reported after a week in which both The Boston Globe and The Washington Post were purchased by new owners."
"NY Times publisher says newspaper not for sale: NYT " "The New York Times is not for sale  its controlling family and publisher have said  the newspaper reported after a week in which both The Boston Globe and The Washington Post were purchased by new owners."
"RPT-How will Amazon's Bezos change The Washington Post? " "SEATTLE  Aug 7 Technology and media circles are abuzz at how e-commerce wunderkind Jeff Bezos plans to modernize The Washington Post  a money-losing bastion of the old economy."
"Time Warner Cable  CBS trade barbs on day seven of blackout " "Online video streaming services like Netflix and Amazon became a new sticking point in the increasingly acrimonious talks between Time Warner Cable and CBS  as the companies squared off on Thursday about how to treat the new competitors."
"UPDATE 1-Time Warner Cable  CBS trade barbs on day 7 of blackout " "* CBS: Time Warner Cable trying to hurt CBS' online content deals"
"Brazil's HRT to cut Amazon plans to minimum  focus on Namibia " "RIO DE JANEIRO  Aug 14 Brazilian oil and natural gas producer HRT Participações SA intends to reduce exploration activities in the Amazon to a minimum and focus on three offshore wells in Namibia  Chief Executive Milton Franke said on Wednesday."
"UPDATE 1-HRT says LNG key to Amazon gas; seeks partner  asset sales " "RIO DE JANEIRO  Aug 14 Brazilian oil and natural gas producer HRT Participações SA said on Wednesday that liquefied natural gas is its preferred solution to move gas from isolated Amazon wells to paying customers."
"COLUMN-Bezos needs to reinvent a business model  not journalism: Anatole Kaletsky " "Aug 15 It is now a week since Jeff Bezos  the founder of Amazon  announced that he was buying the Washington Post  in what could be the most exciting case of convergence between the new media and the old since the merger of AOL with Time Warner."
"Column: Bezos needs to reinvent a business model  not journalism " "It is now a week since Jeff Bezos  the founder of Amazon  announced that he was buying the Washington Post  in what could be the most exciting case of convergence between the new media and the old since the merger of AOL with Time Warner."
"Ecuador expected to open Amazon's Yasuni basin to oil drilling -sources " "QUITO Ecuador is expected to open part of the Amazon rainforest to oil drilling on Thursday after rich nations failed to back a conservation plan that would have paid the country not to explore in the area  government sources said."
"Europe online sales seen doubling in five years - study " "BERLIN Online retail sales in Europe are seen doubling by 2018 to 323 billion euros ($428.51 billion) with Amazon.com Inc expected to grow even faster than that  market research firm Mintel said."
"Europe online sales seen doubling in five years-study " "* Germany  Britain and France to remain biggest online market"
"Ecuador to open Amazon's Yasuni basin to oil drilling " "QUITO Ecuador will open up part of the Amazon rainforest to oil drilling after rich nations failed to back a conservation plan that would have paid the country not to explore in the area  President Rafael Correa said on Thursday."
"UPDATE 1-Ecuador to open Amazon's Yasuni basin to oil drilling " "(Updates with confirmation of decision  protestor quote  color)"
"Amazon.com back up after going down for U.S.  Canadian users " "NEW YORK Amazon.com  the website of the world's largest online retailer  went down for about 15 minutes on Monday in a rare outage for many users across the United States and Canada."
"Amazon.com website goes down for U.S.  Canadian users " "NEW YORK  Aug 19 Amazon.com  the website of the world's largest online retailer  went down on Monday for many users across the United States and Canada."
"Column: Jeff Bezos has two words for you: ‘No comment.' " "When journalists pressed William Henry Vanderbilt in 1882 about his plan to discontinue his railroad's popular but unprofitable mail run  the richest man in the world reportedly exclaimed  ""The public be damned!"" Whether Vanderbilt said ""be damned"" or not — he claimed to have been misquoted — business titans of the Gilded Age routinely assumed this default posture."
"Conde Nast launches new subscriber service with Amazon " "NEW YORK Magazine publisher Conde Nast announced a major partnership with Amazon.com Inc on Tuesday in which the Internet retailer will handle print and digital subscriptions for glossy publications such as Vogue  Wired and Vanity Fair."
"EXCLUSIVE:Conde Nast launches new subscriber service with Amazon " "NEW YORK Aug 20 Magazine publisher Conde Nast announced a major partnership with Amazon on Tuesday in which the Internet retailer will handle print and digital subscriptions for its stable of glossy publications like Vogue  Wired and Vanity Fair."
"UPDATE 1-Conde Nast launches new subscriber service with Amazon " "NEW YORK Aug 20 Magazine publisher Conde Nast announced a major partnership with Amazon.com Inc on Tuesday in which the Internet retailer will handle print and digital subscriptions for   glossy publications such as Vogue  Wired and Vanity Fair."
"Intel Media opens offices in LA  New York in TV push " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 23 Intel Corp's  media arm is opening offices in New York and Los Angeles as the company pushes ahead with an Internet television service that it plans to launch later this year  an Intel spokesman said on Friday."
"Bezos offers clues to Washington Post: patience  experimentation " "Sept 3 Jeff Bezos  the founder of Amazon  who shocked media watchers when he agreed to buy The Washington Post  told the struggling newspaper he will guide it using the same approach that successfully shaped his e-commerce site and turned it into the world's largest online retailer."
"Traditional U.S. stores fight Amazon for online sales " "U.S. bricks and mortar retailers are racing to catch up with e-commerce giant Amazon.com in fast-growing online sales."
"REUTERS SUMMIT-Retailers must work harder to merge e-commerce  stores " "(For other news from the Reuters Global Consumer and Retail Summit  click on http://www.reuters.com/summit/Retail13)"
"RPT-REUTERS SUMMIT-Retailers must work harder to merge e-commerce  stores " "(Repeats Sept. 15 story for wider readership (For other news from the Reuters Global Consumer and Retail Summit  click on http://www.reuters.com/summit/Retail13)"
"Tribunal finds Ecuador released Chevron from pollution liability " "In a dispute stemming from a lengthy legal battle over Amazon rain forest pollution  arbitrators ruled that Chevron had already settled claims for damages in agreements with Ecuador despite a $19 billion award against the oil company."
"Brazilian rancher found guilty of ordering American nun's death " "SAO PAULO A rancher in Brazil's Amazon was sentenced to 30 years in prison for ordering the 2005 killing of American nun and environmental activist Dorothy Stang  an emblematic case for the many conflicts over land use in Brazil's resource-rich interior."
"Amazon unveils new tablets with live video helpdesk " "SEATTLE  Sept 24 Amazon.com Inc  unveiled two new high-definition tablets on Tuesday with a unique on-screen helpdesk feature it hopes will give it an advantage over devices from rivals Apple Inc and Google Inc."
"Panic button-equipped Amazon Kindles join gadget battle " "SEATTLE Amazon.com Inc has begun selling a juiced-up line-up of new Kindle tablets  many sporting a unique video helpdesk feature it hopes will give it a leg-up over Apple Inc and Google Inc during the holiday season."
"Russia's M.video bullish on consumer spending " "MOSCOW Russian home electronics and white goods retailer M.video  is confident that consumers will continue to spend rather than save  despite a sharp economic slowdown."
"Target aims at online rivals with baby goods subscription plan " "Sept 25 Target Corp will launch a free service on Wednesday that lets shoppers set up recurring deliveries of bulky baby goods  a move that mimics Amazon.com Inc and is aimed at attracting more moms."
"UPDATE 1-Panic button-equipped Amazon Kindles join gadget battle " "SEATTLE  Sept 25 Amazon.com Inc has begun selling a juiced-up line-up of new Kindle tablets  many sporting a unique video helpdesk feature it hopes will give it a leg-up over Apple Inc and Google Inc during the holiday season."
"Panic button-equipped Amazon Kindles join gadget battle " "SEATTLE Amazon.com Inc has begun selling faster and lighter versions of its Kindle tablet with a unique video helpdesk feature aimed at giving it a leg-up over Apple Inc and Google Inc during the holiday season."
"REUTERS SUMMIT-'Russian Hulu' squares up to online TV pirates " "(For other news from Reuters Russia and East Europe Investment Summit click on http://www.reuters.com/finance/summits)"
"UPDATE 2-Panic button-equipped Amazon Kindles join gadget battle " "SEATTLE  Sept 25 Amazon.com Inc has begun selling faster and lighter versions of its Kindle tablet with a unique video helpdesk feature aimed at giving it a leg-up over Apple Inc and Google Inc during the holiday season."
"Panic button-equipped Amazon Kindles join gadget battle " "SEATTLE Amazon.com Inc has begun selling faster and lighter versions of its Kindle tablet with a unique video helpdesk feature aimed at giving it a leg-up over Apple Inc and Google Inc during the holiday season."
"Amazon to hire more than 70 000 seasonal employees " "Amazon.com Inc said it expects to hire more than 70 000 full-time seasonal employees across its order fulfillment centers in the United States  a 40 percent increase from last year. | Video "
"Amazon to hire more than 70 000 seasonal employees " "Oct 1 Amazon.com Inc said it expects to hire more than 70 000 full-time seasonal employees across its order fulfillment centers in the United States  a 40 percent increase from last year."
"Apple iPad Mini with sharper display faces delay " "TAIPEI/TOKYO Apple Inc will be unable to widely roll out a new version of the iPad Mini with a high-resolution ""retina"" display this month  people who work in the company's supply chain said  leaving the gadget without the sharper screen found on rival tablets from Google Inc and Amazon.com Inc. | Video "
"Marketplace of vice  'Silk Road' meets its end " "BOSTON  Oct 2 Before it was shut down by U.S. agents this week  people looking to buy street drugs  hire hackers or hitmen  and acquire stolen e-commerce accounts anonymously online could go to Silk Road  the Amazon.com of vice."
"RPT-Sharper display Apple iPad Mini faces delay-sources " "TAIPEI/TOKYO  Oct 2 Apple Inc will be unable to widely roll out a new version of the iPad Mini with a high-resolution ""retina"" display this month  people who work in the company's supply chain said  leaving the gadget without the sharper screen found on rival tablets from Google Inc  and Amazon.com Inc."
"Sharper display Apple iPad Mini faces delay-sources " "TAIPEI/TOKYO  Oct 2 Apple Inc will be unable to widely roll out a new version of the iPad Mini with a high-resolution ""retina"" display this month  people who work in the company's supply chain said  leaving the gadget without the sharper screen found on rival tablets from Google Inc  and Amazon.com Inc."
"Amazon plans TV streaming box in time for holidays: WSJ " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc  which entered the gadget-making business with the Kindle e-reader  intends to sell a set-top box that can stream Internet content to televisions in time for the holidays  the Wall Street Journal reported on Thursday."
"Amazon plans TV streaming box in time for holidays -WSJ " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 3 Amazon.com Inc  which entered the gadget-making business with the Kindle e-reader  intends to sell a set-top box that can stream Internet content to televisions in time for the holidays  the Wall Street Journal reported on Thursday."
"France takes aim at Amazon to protect local bookshops " "PARIS  Oct 3 French lawmakers on Thursday took aim at Amazon in a bid to protect local bookshops by voting through a law that bars online booksellers from offering free delivery to customers on top of a maximum 5 percent discount on books."
"Ecuador congress approves Yasuni basin oil drilling in Amazon " "QUITO Ecuador's parliament on Thursday authorized drilling of the nation's largest oil fields in part of the Amazon rainforest after the failure of President Rafael Correa's plan to have rich nations pay to avoid its exploitation."
"Ecuador congress approves Yasuni basin oil drilling in Amazon " "QUITO  Oct 3 Ecuador's parliament on Thursday authorized drilling of the nation's largest oil fields in part of the Amazon rainforest after the failure of President Rafael Correa's plan to have rich nations pay to avoid its exploitation."
"RPT-Memories of Facebook cloud Twitter's IPO " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 4 When Facebook Inc  was preparing to go public last year  the telephones at Granite Investment Advisors rang off the hook as clients called about the social media's company's highly anticipated debut."
"UPDATE 1-Memories of Facebook cloud Twitter's IPO " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 4 When Facebook Inc  was preparing to go public last year  the telephones at Granite Investment Advisors rang off the hook as clients called about the social media's company's highly anticipated debut."
"Amazon's German workers threaten strike before Christmas " "FRANKFURT  Oct 6 Workers at Amazon.com's  German operations could strike during the Christmas holiday season in a dispute over pay that has been raging for months  a trade union has warned."
"Amazon's German workers threaten strike before Christmas " "FRANKFURT Workers at Amazon.com's German operations could strike during the Christmas holiday season in a dispute over pay that has been raging for months  a trade union has warned."
"Amazon to invest in new logistics centers in Poland " "BERLIN Amazon.com will invest in three new logistics centers in Poland  creating 6 000 new jobs over the next two years as part of expansion in Europe  a spokesman said on Monday."
"Retailers see ""click and mortar"" as way to beat Amazon " "* One in three retailers plan to increase overall store space"
"Retailers see 'click and mortar' as way to beat Amazon " "PARIS Traditional stores can take on e-commerce and keep their major role by reinventing themselves faster to best combine shopping in stores and online  top retailers said on Tuesday."
"UPDATE 1-US court rules in favor of Amazon in CIA contract dispute " "Oct 7 A U.S. court ruled in favor of Amazon.com Inc in the online retailer's dispute with IBM  over a $600 million cloud computing contract awarded by the Central Intelligence Agency  a court notice showed."
"U.S. court rules in favor of Amazon in CIA contract dispute " "A U.S. court ruled in favor of Amazon.com Inc in the online retailer's dispute with IBM over a $600 million cloud computing contract awarded by the Central Intelligence Agency  a court notice showed."
"US STOCKS-Futures flat as Washington deadlock continues " "NEW YORK  Oct 8 U.S. stock index futures were little changed on Tuesday as small signs of progress began to emerge in the fiscal standoff among politicians in Washington."
"US STOCKS-Futures flat as Washington deadlock drags on " "* Earnings season to begin with Alcoa reporting after market close"
"REFILE-Retailers see ""click and mortar"" as way to beat Amazon " "* One in three retailers plan to increase overall store space"
"Retailers see 'click and mortar' as way to beat Amazon " "PARIS Traditional stores can take on e-commerce and keep their major role by reinventing themselves faster to best combine shopping in stores and online  top retailers said on Tuesday."
"U.S. court rules in favor of Amazon in CIA contract dispute " "A U.S. court ruled in favor of Amazon.com Inc in the online retailer's dispute with IBM over a $600 million cloud computing contract awarded by the Central Intelligence Agency  a court notice showed."
"U.S. court rules in favor of Amazon in CIA contract dispute " "A U.S. court ruled in favor of Amazon.com Inc in the online retailer's dispute with IBM over a $600 million cloud computing contract awarded by the Central Intelligence Agency  a court notice showed."
"Retailers see 'click and mortar' as way to beat Amazon " "PARIS Traditional stores can take on e-commerce and keep their major role by reinventing themselves faster to best combine shopping in stores and online  top retailers said on Tuesday."
"U.S. court rules in favor of Amazon in CIA contract dispute " "A U.S. court ruled in favor of Amazon.com Inc in the online retailer's dispute with IBM over a $600 million cloud computing contract awarded by the Central Intelligence Agency  a court notice showed."
"Retailers see 'click and mortar' as way to beat Amazon " "PARIS Traditional stores can take on e-commerce and keep their major role by reinventing themselves faster to best combine shopping in stores and online  top retailers said on Tuesday."
"U.S. court rules in favor of Amazon in CIA contract dispute " "A U.S. court ruled in favor of Amazon.com Inc in the online retailer's dispute with IBM over a $600 million cloud computing contract awarded by the Central Intelligence Agency  a court notice showed."
"Retailers see 'click and mortar' as way to beat Amazon " "PARIS Traditional stores can take on e-commerce and keep their major role by reinventing themselves faster to best combine shopping in stores and online  top retailers said on Tuesday."
"Retailers see 'click and mortar' as way to beat Amazon " "PARIS Traditional stores can take on e-commerce and keep their major role by reinventing themselves faster to best combine shopping in stores and online  top retailers said on Tuesday."
"Amazon partners with HTC to make smartphones: report " "Amazon.com Inc is developing smartphones with HTC Corp  putting it in a position to compete with Apple Inc and Google Inc  the Financial Times reported."
"Amazon to open Tel Aviv office to support cloud services " "TEL AVIV Amazon.com will open an office in Tel Aviv to support its cloud computing offering called Amazon Web Services (AWS)  the company's chief technology officer said on Tuesday."
"New iPads expected at Apple event set for Oct 22 " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 15 Apple Inc next Tuesday is expected to introduce a new  line-up of iPads that will compete with the latest tablets from Amazon.com Inc  and Samsung Electronics  amid pressure to preserve market share."
"REFILE-Amazon to open Tel Aviv office to support cloud services " "TEL AVIV  Oct 15 Amazon.com will open an office in Tel Aviv to support its cloud computing offering called Amazon Web Services (AWS)  the company's chief technology officer said on Tuesday."
"Amazon partners with HTC to make smartphones: report " "Amazon.com Inc is developing smartphones with HTC Corp  putting it in a position to compete with Apple Inc and Google Inc  the Financial Times reported."
"Amazon to open Tel Aviv office to support cloud services " "TEL AVIV Amazon.com will open an office in Tel Aviv to support its cloud computing offering called Amazon Web Services (AWS)  the company's chief technology officer said on Tuesday."
"In Brazil  a new road to the Amazon offers grain export relief " "SAO PAULO  Oct 16 A new northern front is opening in the battle for a share of Brazil's burgeoning soy and corn exports as a highway decades in the making finally opens  offering a shortcut through the Amazon jungle to northeastern waterways."
"Monster High  American Girl dolls power Mattel results " "Mattel Inc  topped Wall Street's profit estimates for the third quarter  benefiting from strong demand for its chubby-faced American Girl dolls and its Monster High line depicting the teen descendants of famous monsters."
"UPDATE 3-Monster High  American Girl dolls power Mattel results " "Oct 16 Mattel Inc topped Wall Street's profit estimates for the third quarter  benefiting from strong demand for its chubby-faced American Girl dolls and its Monster High line depicting the teen descendants of famous monsters."
"Amazon partners with HTC to make smartphones: report " "Amazon.com Inc is developing smartphones with HTC Corp  putting it in a position to compete with Apple Inc and Google Inc  the Financial Times reported."
"Amazon to open Tel Aviv office to support cloud services " "TEL AVIV Amazon.com will open an office in Tel Aviv to support its cloud computing offering called Amazon Web Services (AWS)  the company's chief technology officer said on Tuesday."
"Publishers need to know their readers to survive in digital era " "FRANKFURT  Oct 17 Publishers need to get to know their readers and find out what they want if they are to halt the loss of market share to online powerhouses such as Amazon   industry figures say."
"Publishers need to know their readers to survive in digital era " "FRANKFURT Publishers need to get to know their readers and find out what they want if they are to halt the loss of market share to online powerhouses such as Amazon  industry figures say."
"Wisconsin adds sales tax to Amazon.com shopping cart " "WASHINGTON  Oct 17 Wisconsin next month will become the 14th U.S. state to begin collecting sales tax on online purchases through Amazon.com Inc  joining a trend toward squeezing more revenue from e-commerce."
"Wisconsin adds sales tax to Amazon.com shopping cart " "WASHINGTON Wisconsin next month will become the 14th U.S. state to begin collecting sales tax on online purchases through Amazon.com Inc  joining a trend toward squeezing more revenue from e-commerce."
"Amazon partners with HTC to make smartphones: report " "Amazon.com Inc is developing smartphones with HTC Corp  putting it in a position to compete with Apple Inc and Google Inc  the Financial Times reported."
"Publishers need to know their readers to survive in digital era " "FRANKFURT Publishers need to get to know their readers and find out what they want if they are to halt the loss of market share to online powerhouses such as Amazon  industry figures say."
"Amazon's third-party deals must change  German watchdog says: paper " "FRANKFURT Germany's antitrust watchdog accused Amazon of undermining competition when dealing with third-party merchants and said it would impose reform unless the Internet retailer changed its rules  a German newspaper reported."
"Amazon's third-party deals must change  German watchdog says-paper " "FRANKFURT  Oct 20 Germany's antitrust watchdog accused Amazon of undermining competition when dealing with third-party merchants and said it would impose reform unless the Internet retailer changed its rules  a German newspaper reported."
"States' online 'Amazon tax' fight may land in U.S. Supreme Court: lawyers " "WASHINGTON Diverging high court rulings in New York and Illinois over 'Amazon taxes' point to a possible U.S. Supreme Court case to settle questions about the legality of states taxing online retail sales  lawyers said on Monday."
"States' online 'Amazon tax' fight may land in U.S. Supreme Court -lawyers " "WASHINGTON  Oct 21 Diverging high court rulings in New York and Illinois over 'Amazon taxes' point to a possible U.S. Supreme Court case to settle questions about the legality of states taxing online retail sales  lawyers said on Monday."
"States' online 'Amazon tax' fight may land in U.S. Supreme Court: lawyers " "WASHINGTON Diverging high court rulings in New York and Illinois over 'Amazon taxes' point to a possible U.S. Supreme Court case to settle questions about the legality of states taxing online retail sales  lawyers said on Monday."
"Amazon third-quarter sales bode well for holidays " "Amazon.com Inc posted a narrower quarterly loss and grew sales by a better-than-expected 24 percent on Thursday as it expanded aggressively at home and made inroads overseas  sending its shares up 8 percent."
"UPDATE 3-Amazon third quarter sales beat bodes well for holidays " "Oct 24 Amazon.com Inc posted a narrower quarterly loss and grew sales by a better-than-expected 24 percent on Thursday as it expanded aggressively at home and made inroads overseas  sending its shares up 8 percent."
"US STOCKS-Wall St gains on Fed hopes; Amazon.com up after the bell " "* Federal Reserve seen keeping stimulus for several months"
"Amazon sales show momentum  analysts boost price targets " "Shares of Amazon.com Inc jumped 10 percent at the opening on Friday after the company reported better-than-expected sales growth in North America and indicated strong momentum going into the U.S. holiday season."
"US STOCKS-Futures drift near record high  earnings and data in focus " "NEW YORK  Oct 25 U.S. stock index futures were little changed on Friday  with the S&P 500 slightly below its record high  as Amazon and Microsoft rallied after reporting results."
"US STOCKS-Futures tick up  with earnings  data in focus " "NEW YORK  Oct 25 U.S. stock index futures edged up on Friday  holding near record highs  supported by results from companies such as Amazon and Microsoft."
"US STOCKS-S&P 500 ends at record high  boosted by tech results " "NEW YORK  Oct 25 The S&P 500 ended at another record high on Friday  boosted by gains in technology shares after strong results from Microsoft and Amazon.com."
"US STOCKS-S&P 500 eyes fresh record led by Microsoft  Amazon " "NEW YORK  Oct 25 U.S. stocks edged up on Friday  with the S&P 500 on track to close at an all-time high as results from Amazon and Microsoft sent those stocks soaring."
"US STOCKS-Wall Street set to open flat  with earnings in focus " "NEW YORK  Oct 25 U.S. stocks were set to open little changed on Friday  holding near record highs  supported by results from companies such as Amazon  Microsoft and UPS."
"US STOCKS-Wall St up on tech results  on track for weekly rise " "* Amazon and Microsoft rally after results  lifting Nasdaq"
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Record high on Wall Street lifts Asian spirits " "* Upbeat earnings from Microsoft  Amazon.com drive Wall St to record high"
"Amazon workers strike again in Germany " "* Company also under fire in Germany over tax  competition"
"Nextdoor attracts $60 million from Tiger Global  Kleiner Perkins " "SAN FRANCISCO Nextdoor  an online social network for neighbors  said it has attracted $60 million from early backers of technology titans Google   Amazon  and Facebook ."
"U.S. passes up firms' offers to help healthcare website -committee " "WASHINGTON  Oct 29 The Obama administration appears to have passed up offers from Amazon and Microsoft to help fix the federal government's troubled healthcare enrollment website  according to documents released on Tuesday by a Republican-led congressional investigating committee."
"Amazon tries free  on-time delivery to lure India online " "BANGALORE Free shipping on a 100 rupee ($1.60) book. Delivery times guaranteed to the minute."
"Italy eyes 'Google Tax' to help fix public finances " "ROME Italy's largest ruling party has proposed legislation to raise government revenues by making it more expensive for multinational online companies like Google  Amazon and Yahoo to do business there."
"Italy eyes ""Google Tax"" to help fix public finances " "ROME  Nov 4 Italy's largest ruling party has proposed legislation to raise government revenues by making it more expensive for multinational online companies like Google  Amazon and Yahoo to do business there."
"CORRECTED-Jeff Bezos's wife and Amazon slam new book about company " "(Corrects fifth paragraph to say Bezos  not Amazon  did not cooperate on fact-checking)"
"Jeff Bezos's wife and Amazon slam new book about company " "Amazon founder Jeff Bezos's wife MacKenzie on Monday used the online retail giant's own website to criticize a new high-profile book about her husband as a ""lopsided and misleading portrait of the people and culture at Amazon."""
"Amazon picks Donna Tartt's 'The Goldfinch' as book of the year " "NEW YORK Author Donna Tartt's ""The Goldfinch "" a novel about a 14-year-old boy surviving in Manhattan after the death of his mother  topped Amazon.com Inc's list of 100 best books of 2013."
"Amazon picks Donna Tartt's 'The Goldfinch' as book of the year " "NEW YORK  Nov 7 Author Donna Tartt's ""The Goldfinch "" a novel about a 14-year-old boy surviving in Manhattan after the death of his mother  topped Amazon.com Inc's  list of 100 best books of 2013."
"German logistics firm DPD launches same-day delivery " "BERLIN  Nov 7 Logistics firm DPD is launching a same-day delivery service in 19 German cities in cooperation with courier service Tiramizoo  a move it says could help traditional retailers compete with dedicated online dealers like Amazon."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon picks Donna Tartt's 'The Goldfinch' as book of the year " "NEW YORK  Nov 7 Author Donna Tartt's ""The Goldfinch "" a novel about a 14-year-old boy surviving in Manhattan after the death of his mother  topped Amazon.com Inc's  list of 100 best books of 2013."
"J&J pulled products from Amazon.com over third-party dispute: WSJ " "NEW YORK Johnson & Johnson  stopped selling some of its products through Amazon.com Inc  because it felt the online retailer was not doing enough to stop third-party merchants from selling damaged or expired J&J merchandise  the Wall Street Journal reported on Sunday."
"J&J pulled products from Amazon.com over third-party dispute -WSJ " "NEW YORK  Nov 10 Johnson & Johnson  stopped selling some of its products through Amazon.com Inc  because it felt the online retailer was not doing enough to stop third-party merchants from selling damaged or expired J&J merchandise  the Wall Street Journal reported on Sunday."
"Ecuador high court upholds Chevron verdict  halves fine " "QUITO Ecuador's highest court upheld a verdict that U.S. oil company Chevron Corp  is responsible for pollution in an Amazon rainforest  but halved the fine imposed in a previous trial to $9.5 billion  a decision the company dismissed as illegitimate."
"Ecuador high court upholds verdict against Chevron  halves fine " "QUITO  Nov 13 Ecuador's highest court upheld a verdict condemning U.S. oil company Chevron of pollution in an Amazon rainforest region  but halved the fine imposed in a previous judgment to $9.5 billion."
"Holiday e-commerce deals may deliver surge in U.S. Postal Service revenue " "WASHINGTON  Nov 13 The U.S. Postal Service  bleeding millions of dollars daily  is hoping the 2013 holiday season will boost its finances through a partnership with Amazon.com  a surge in online shopping and the timely release of a new stamp featuring a whimsical Yule gingerbread house."
"Holiday e-commerce deals may deliver surge in U.S. Postal Service revenue " "WASHINGTON The U.S. Postal Service  bleeding millions of dollars daily  is hoping the 2013 holiday season will boost its finances through a partnership with Amazon.com  a surge in online shopping and the timely release of a new stamp featuring a whimsical Yule gingerbread house."
"Italy investigates Apple for alleged tax fraud: sources " "MILAN U.S. tech giant Apple is under investigation in Italy for allegedly hiding 1 billion euros ($1.34 billion) from the local tax authority  two judicial sources with direct knowledge of the matter told Reuters."
"UPDATE 1-Ecuador high court upholds Chevron verdict  halves fine " "* Texaco cleaned up area before sold assets  says Chevron"
"UPDATE 2-Italy investigates Apple for alleged tax fraud -sources " "* Apple allegedly hid 1 bln euros from Italy's taxman -sources"
"Brazil government figures confirm spike in Amazon deforestation " "RIO DE JANEIRO Deforestation in the Amazon increased by nearly a third over the past year  according to Brazilian government figures released on Thursday  confirming a feared reversal in what had been steady progress over the past decade against destruction of the world's largest rainforest."
"Brazil government figures confirm spike in Amazon deforestation " "RIO DE JANEIRO  Nov 14 Deforestation in the Amazon increased by nearly a third over the past year  according to Brazilian government figures released on Thursday  confirming a feared reversal in what had been steady progress over the past decade against destruction of the world's largest rainforest."
"UPDATE 3-Wal-Mart's U.S. sales miss mark as shoppers stay cautious " "(Adds comments from media call  investor comment; updates share activity)"
"Wal-Mart's U.S. sales miss mark as shoppers stay cautious " "Wal-Mart Stores Inc on Thursday forecast a disappointing profit for the holiday season after reporting its third straight quarterly decline in U.S. comparable sales because of fewer shopper visits. | Video "
"Washington Post Co to change name to Graham Holdings Co " "Washington Post Co is changing its name to Graham Holdings Co after it sold the Washington Post newspaper to Amazon.com Inc founder Jeff Bezos."
"German online sales growth forecast revised up to 44 pct " "BERLIN  Nov 19 German online sales will grow by a faster than expected rate of 44 percent in 2013 to 39.8 billion euros ($53.83 billion)  or more than 9 percent of total retail sales  the country's e-commerce trade association BVH said on Tuesday."
"Norway  UK  U.S. allocate $280 million to stop deforestation " "WARSAW The governments of Norway  Britain and the United States on Wednesday said they will allocate $280 million of their multi-billion dollar climate change finances to a new initiative aimed at halting deforestation."
"Amazon tests techie comedy 'Betas' in original programming push " "LOS ANGELES  Nov 21 When online retail giant Amazon decided to join Netflix and Hulu in the online original programming race  it didn't have to look further than its own tech backyard to find a world ripe for comedy."
"Amazon tests techie comedy 'Betas' in original programming push " "LOS ANGELES When online retail giant Amazon decided to join Netflix and Hulu in the online original programming race  it didn't have to look further than its own tech backyard to find a world ripe for comedy."
"Amazon tests techie comedy 'Betas' in original programming push " "LOS ANGELES When online retail giant Amazon decided to join Netflix and Hulu in the online original programming race  it didn't have to look further than its own tech backyard to find a world ripe for comedy."
"German union plans further strikes at Amazon " "FRANKFURT Union Verdi is preparing more strikes to step up pressure on Amazon in Germany  its biggest market outside the United States  in a dispute over pay and conditions  German media reported."
"German watchdog ends Amazon probe after pricing concession " "* Amazon can't make pricing demands on competing merchants"
"German watchdog ends Amazon probe after pricing concession " "BERLIN Germany's antitrust watchdog has dropped an investigation into Amazon after the world's biggest Internet retailer agreed to stop forcing third-party merchants to offer their cheapest price when selling products on its platform."
"Amazon Germany says more worried about snow than strikes " "HAMBURG Amazon.com Inc  has no intention of bowing to pressure from striking workers in Germany  its second biggest market behind the United States  and is more worried about bad weather hurting Christmas deliveries  its country head said."
"Amazon Germany says more worried about snow than strikes " "HAMBURG Amazon.com Inc has no intention of bowing to pressure from striking workers in Germany  its second biggest market behind the United States  and is more worried about bad weather hurting Christmas deliveries  its country head said."
"Amazon testing delivery with drones  CEO Bezos says " "Amazon.com Inc is testing delivery packages using drones  CEO Jeff Bezos said Sunday on the CBS television program ""60 Minutes."" | Video "
"Amazon testing delivery with drones  CEO Bezos says " "Dec 1 Amazon.com Inc is testing delivery packages using drones  CEO Jeff Bezos said Sunday on the CBS television program ""60 Minutes."""
"'Cyber Monday' sales set to hit record: analysts " "NEW YORK U.S. online sales are expected to hit $2 billion on ""Cyber Monday "" for the first time since the data firm comScore has been tracking such information. | Video "
"Technology  rules keep Amazon drone delivery in hangar  for now " "SEATTLE Amazon.com Inc Chief Executive Officer Jeff Bezos made a splash on Sunday with his radical plan to deliver goods to millions of its customers' doors by using a fleet of unmanned drones  but the bold vision is not likely to become a reality this decade. | Video "
"Technology  rules keep Amazon drone delivery in hangar  for now " "SEATTLE  Dec 2 Amazon.com Inc Chief Executive Officer Jeff Bezos made a splash on Sunday with his radical plan to deliver goods to millions of its customers' doors by using a fleet of unmanned drones  but the bold vision is not likely to become a reality this decade."
"UPDATE 3-U.S. top court declines to hear online retailers tax case " "WASHINGTON  Dec 2 Amazon.com Inc and other online retailers with no physical presence in New York State must go on collecting sales tax after the U.S. Supreme Court on Monday declined to hear a legal challenge to the law that requires it."
"U.S. Supreme Court declines to hear online retailers tax case " "WASHINGTON Amazon.com Inc and other online retailers with no physical presence in New York State must go on collecting sales tax after the U.S. Supreme Court on Monday declined to hear a legal challenge to the law that requires it."
"Amazon  drones and low returns: James Saft " "Jeff Bezos' plan to deliver Amazon.com packages by drone isn't just an idea which skirts the line between satire and reality."
"COLUMN-Amazon  drones and low returns: James Saft " "(James Saft is a Reuters columnist. The opinions expressed are his own)"
"Google takes on Amazon by cutting cloud service prices " "SAN FRANCISCO  Dec 3 Google Inc will lower prices on cloud services as the search giant gears up to take on Amazon.com Inc  International Business Machines Corp and Microsoft Corp in the fast-growing market of Internet services for corporations."
"Google takes on Amazon by cutting cloud service prices " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc will lower prices on cloud services as the search giant gears up to take on Amazon.com Inc  International Business Machines Corp and Microsoft Corp in the fast-growing market of Internet services for corporations."
"Illegal miners infest Venezuela's Amazon " "PUERTO AYACUCHO  Venezuela From the air  the thick green canopy that covers the Venezuelan Amazon is pocked with ever more frequent small holes."
"UPDATE 2-Early start hurts Black Friday sales  Cyber Monday hits record " "Dec 3 U.S. retailers rolled out holiday promotions earlier in November this year  denting sales growth over the Thanksgiving weekend that typically marks the beginning of the holiday spending period  according to data released Tuesday by ShopperTrak."
"US STOCKS-Dow  S&P fall for 3rd straight day; retail weighs " "* Automakers' shares fall after November sales  but Tesla soars"
"US STOCKS-Wall St declines for third day  led by consumer stocks " "* Tesla's stock jumps after Morgan Stanley names it a top pick"
"Amazon founder Bezos' space company loses challenge over NASA launch pad " "A commercial space company owned by Amazon founder Jeff Bezos has lost a challenge over NASA's plans to lease out one of the space shuttle's dormant launch pads in Florida  officials said on Thursday."
"Amazon founder Bezos' space company loses challenge over NASA launch pad " "Dec 12 A commercial space company owned by Amazon founder Jeff Bezos has lost a challenge over NASA's plans to lease out one of the space shuttle's dormant launch pads in Florida  officials said on Thursday."
"Amazon founder Bezos' space company loses challenge over NASA launch pad " "A commercial space company owned by Amazon founder Jeff Bezos has lost a challenge over NASA's plans to lease out one of the space shuttle's dormant launch pads in Florida  officials said on Thursday."
"Amazon pressed on gun accessory sales  a year after Newtown " "BOSTON Activist investors have asked Amazon.com Inc to review its sales of firearms accessories  concerned that the online retailer offers products that could be used to convert semi-automatic rifles into weapons that fire too rapidly to be legal."
"Amazon pressed on gun accessory sales  a year after Newtown " "BOSTON  Dec 13 Activist investors have asked Amazon.com Inc to review its sales of firearms accessories  concerned that the online retailer offers products that could be used to convert semi-automatic rifles into weapons that fire too rapidly to be legal."
"REFILE-Amazon founder Bezos' space company loses challenge over NASA launch pad " "Dec 12 A commercial space company owned by Amazon founder Jeff Bezos has lost a challenge over NASA's plans to lease out one of the space shuttle's dormant launch pads in Florida  officials said on Thursday."
"Worker dies after fall in Brazil's Amazon World Cup stadium " "MANAUS  BRAZIL  Dec 14 A construction worker died in Brazil early on Saturday after falling off the roof of a stadium in the Amazon jungle  adding to safety concerns as the country races to finish building in time to host the 2014 World Cup of soccer."
"Worker dies after falling off Manaus stadium roof " "MANAUS  BRAZIL A construction worker died after falling off the roof of the Arena Amazonia in Brazil on Saturday  FIFA and the World Cup organizing committee confirmed on Saturday."
"Amazon's German workers set to go on strike " "FRANKFURT  Dec 16 Workers at Amazon.com's  German operations were set to go on strike on Monday  in the middle of the crucial Christmas holiday season  in a dispute over pay that has been raging for months."
"Amazon's German workers set to go on strike " "FRANKFURT Workers at Amazon.com's German operations were set to go on strike on Monday  in the middle of the crucial Christmas holiday season  in a dispute over pay that has been raging for months."
"Amazon's German workers strike as Christmas orders peak " "BERLIN/DUESSELDORF Hundreds of Amazon.com Inc workers in Germany went on strike on Monday  just as pre-Christmas sales were set to peak  in a dispute over pay and conditions that has raged for months. | Video "
"FINNEWS LATAM-Vale to sell $321 mln in bonds for railway building " "Brazilian mining giant Vale SA  asked for permission to sell 750 million reais ($321 million) of notes maturing between 2021 and 2029 to finance railway construction in the Amazon state of Pará  the company said in securities filing late Sunday. The notes will be sold under a so-called infrastructure debt program  which allows companies to issue tax-free securities to finance long-term investment projects."
"UPDATE 2-Amazon's German workers strike as Christmas orders peak " "* Amazon says most staff shun strike  Xmas trade unaffected"
"Italy revises ""Google tax"" to exclude goods purchased online " "ROME  Dec 18 Italian lawmakers have revised proposed legislation that would raise revenue from online companies including Google and Amazon  but its passage is still uncertain as the leader of the main ruling party said it should be scrapped."
"Amazon workers in Germany to continue strikes in 2014 " "FRANKFURT  Dec 20 Workers at Amazon.com Inc's  German operations plan to continue their strikes next year  the Verdi labour union said on Friday  in a dispute over pay that has already been raging for several months."
"Amazon workers in Germany to continue strikes in 2014 " "FRANKFURT Workers at Amazon.com Inc's German operations plan to continue industrial action next year  the Verdi labor union said on Friday  in a pay dispute that has been dragging on for several months."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon workers in Germany to continue strikes in 2014 " "FRANKFURT  Dec 20 Workers at Amazon.com Inc's  German operations plan to continue industrial action next year  the Verdi labour union said on Friday  in a pay dispute that has been dragging on for several months."
"Alibaba rival JD.com to top sales target as Chinese shoppers flock to Internet " "BEIJING  Dec 23 JD.com  China's second-largest e-commerce site  is set to exceed 100 billion yuan ($16.47 billion) in annual sales for the first time in a market that has drawn investment from global retailing names such as Amazon  and Wal-Mart."
"Alibaba rival JD.com to top sales target as Chinese shoppers flock to Internet " "BEIJING JD.com  China's second-largest e-commerce site  is set to exceed 100 billion yuan ($16.47 billion) in annual sales for the first time in a market that has drawn investment from global retailing names such as Amazon and Wal-Mart."
"Chevron appeals to top Ecuador court in pollution case " "QUITO U.S. energy company Chevron Corp appealed on Monday to Ecuador's highest court  asking it to cancel a $9.5 billion fine for polluting the Amazon rainforest in a long-running case."
"Amazon's Bezos rescued by Ecuador Navy due to kidney stone: report " "CHICAGO Amazon.com  founder Jeff Bezos was airlifted from a cruise ship by the Ecuadorian Navy after suffering a kidney stone attack on January 1  according to the website Galapagos Digital."
"Amazon's Bezos rescued by Ecuador Navy due to kidney stone " "CHICAGO/QUITO Amazon.com  founder Jeff Bezos was airlifted from a cruise ship by the Ecuadorean Navy after suffering a kidney stone attack in the Galapagos Islands on New Year's Day."
"UPDATE 2-Amazon's Bezos rescued by Ecuador Navy due to kidney stone " "CHICAGO/QUITO  Jan 4 Amazon.com founder Jeff Bezos was airlifted from a cruise ship by the Ecuadorean Navy after suffering a kidney stone attack in the Galapagos Islands on New Year's Day."
"Amazon teams with Samsung  studios on ultra high-definition TV " "LAS VEGAS Amazon.com Inc is teaming up with Samsung Electronics Co Ltd and major media corporations including Warner Bros and Lionsgate to popularize ""4K"" ultra high-definition television."
"Amazon teams with Samsung  studios on ultra high-definition TV " "LAS VEGAS  Jan 6 Amazon.com Inc is teaming up with Samsung Electronics Co Ltd and major media corporations including Warner Bros and Lionsgate  to  popularize ""4K"" ultra high-definition television."
"Amazon teams with Samsung  studios on ultra high-definition TV " "LAS VEGAS Amazon.com Inc is teaming up with Samsung Electronics Co Ltd and major media corporations including Warner Bros and Lionsgate to popularize ""4K"" ultra high-definition television."
"CORRECTED-Amazon teams with Samsung  studios on ultra high-definition TV " "(Amends spelling in second paragraph to ""Netflix"" instead of ""Neflix"")"
"Amazon signs exclusive deal with CBS for 'Extant' " "Amazon.com Inc signed a deal allowing it to stream CBS Corp's new science-fiction thriller series ""Extant"" four days after it is broadcast on television."
"Amazon signs exclusive deal with CBS for ""Extant"" " "Jan 8 Amazon.com Inc signed a deal allowing it to stream CBS Corp's new science-fiction thriller series ""Extant"" four days after it is broadcast on television."
"Catholic Church-owned German bookseller Weltbild files for insolvency " "FRANKFURT  Jan 10 Roman Catholic Church-owned bookseller Weltbild  which competes with online retailer Amazon.com in Germany  filed for insolvency on Friday after its sales shrank and it unexpectedly found itself unable to obtain fresh financing."
"COLUMN-France says 'Non' to the digital age " "Jan 10 France has kicked off 2014 with an array of skirmishes against Amazon  Google and other U.S. Internet companies  in what is shaping up as a classic battle between comfortable Gallic tradition and disruptive modernity."
"Amazon.com's Delaware union vote expected Wednesday " "SEATTLE A small group of Amazon.com Inc technicians at a distribution center in Delaware are voting Wednesday whether to join a union to push for better benefits and safety rules."
"Amazon.com's Delaware union vote expected Wednesday " "SEATTLE  Jan 15 A small group of Amazon.com Inc  technicians at a distribution center in Delaware are voting Wednesday whether to join a union to push for better benefits and safety rules."
"Amazon.com workers reject unionization in Delaware vote " "SEATTLE A small group of Amazon.com Inc technicians at a distribution center in Delaware voted on Wednesday not to join a union  marking a victory for the U.S. online retailer which is strongly opposed to any kind of third-party representation for its employees."
"Special Report: Rainforest raiders foil the guardians of the Amazon " "NOVA ESPERANÇA DO PIRIÁ  Brazil Alex Lacerda and Paulo Maués drive a silver pickup to an outdoor sawmill near the edge of the Amazon rainforest. Carrying 12-gauge shotguns  they step out and approach a shack  knock and enter cautiously. They are agents for Brazil's environmental police. | Video "
"SPECIAL REPORT-Rainforest raiders foil the guardians of the Amazon " "NOVA ESPERANÇA DO PIRIÁ  Brazil  Jan 16 Alex Lacerda and Paulo Maués drive a silver pickup to an outdoor sawmill near the edge of the Amazon rainforest. Carrying 12-gauge shotguns  they step out and approach a shack  knock and enter cautiously. They are agents for Brazil's environmental police."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon.com workers reject unionization in Delaware vote " "SEATTLE  Jan 15 A small group of Amazon.com Inc  technicians at a distribution center in Delaware voted on Wednesday not to join a union  marking a victory for the U.S. online retailer which is strongly opposed to any kind of third-party representation for its employees."
"Online cross-border trade seen growing fivefold by 2020-study " "* Britain seen with biggest online trade surplus of $1 bln"
"Amazon developing pay-TV streaming service: report " "Amazon is in the early stages of developing a pay-TV streaming service with live programming  according to a report in The Wall Street Journal."
"Amazon developing pay-TV streaming service -report " "Jan 21 Amazon is in the early stages of developing a pay-TV streaming service with live programming  according to a report in The Wall Street Journal."
"Analysis: Verizon deal may push U.S. cable to offer online TV services " "Verizon Communications Inc's acquisition of Intel Corp's venture to create a web-based TV service may be the catalyst that pushes U.S. cable players to start similar products to fend off fast-growing video rivals such as Netflix Inc and Amazon.com Inc."
"Amazon developing pay-TV streaming service: report " "Amazon.com Inc is in the early stages of developing a pay-TV streaming service with live programming  according to a report in The Wall Street Journal."
"RPT-UPDATE 1-Amazon developing pay-TV streaming service -report " "Jan 21 Amazon.com Inc is in the early stages of developing a pay-TV streaming service with live programming  according to a report in The Wall Street Journal."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon developing pay-TV streaming service -report " "Jan 21 Amazo.com Inc is in the early stages of developing a pay-TV streaming service with live programming  according to a report in The Wall Street Journal."
"Amazon posts holiday sales close to expectations " "SEATTLE  Jan 30 Amazon.com Inc reported a $239 million fourth-quarter  net profit on Thursday  helped by strong U.S. sales during the most competitive holiday season since the recession."
"Amazon warns of possible first-quarter loss  stock falls " "SEATTLE Amazon.com Inc missed Wall Street's profit estimates for the crucial holiday period and cautioned investors about a possible operating loss this quarter  pushing its shares down more than 4 percent on Thursday."
"German online sales leap 55 pct over Christmas " "BERLIN  Jan 30 German online sales leapt 54.5 percent over the Christmas period from the same time the year before  underscoring the rapid shift in consumer spending from traditional stores to the internet."
"RPT-US STOCKS-Wall St rallies on Facebook and GDP; Amazon sinks late " "NEW YORK  Jan 30 The S&P 500 scored its biggest gain in more than a month on Thursday as Facebook led a tech rally and data showed the U.S. economy was on solid footing in the fourth quarter."
"UPDATE 3-Amazon warns of possible Q1 loss  stock falls " "SEATTLE  Jan 30 Amazon.com Inc missed Wall Street's profit estimates for the crucial holiday period and cautioned investors about a possible operating loss this quarter  pushing its shares down more than 4 percent on Thursday."
"Amazon shares fall 9 pct after warning of possible loss " "Jan 31 Amazon.com Inc shares fell more than 9 percent in early trading on Friday  after the online retailer warned of a possible loss in the current quarter and its quarterly results missed expectations in the holiday shopping season."
"Amazon shares fall 9 percent after warning of possible loss " "Amazon.com Inc shares fell more than 9 percent in early trading on Friday  after the online retailer warned of a possible loss in the current quarter and its quarterly results missed expectations in the holiday shopping season."
"Amazon warns of possible loss  mulls Prime fee-hike " "SEATTLE Amazon.com Inc missed Wall Street's estimates for the crucial holiday period and cautioned investors about a possible operating loss this quarter as shipping costs climb  pushing its shares down more than 5 percent. | Video "
"Big chill gives Dow  S&P worst month since May 2012 " "NEW YORK A selloff in emerging markets sent a cold chill down Wall Street  triggering a slide on Friday and making January its worst month since May 2012 after one of its best years in more than a decade."
"UPDATE 4-Amazon warns of possible loss  mulls Prime fee-hike " "SEATTLE  Jan 30 Amazon.com Inc missed Wall Street's estimates for the crucial holiday period and cautioned investors about a possible operating loss this quarter as shipping costs climb  pushing its shares down more than 5 percent."
"US STOCKS-Big chill gives Dow  S&P worst month since May 2012 " "* January is worst month for Dow and S&P 500 since May 2012"
"US STOCKS-Wall St falls; Dow  S&P end worst month since May 2012 " "* January is worst month for Dow and S&P 500 since May 2012"
"US STOCKS-Wall St sags; S&P eyes first monthly loss since August " "* Dow off 0.5 pct; S&P 500 down 0.2 pct; Nasdaq off 0.1 pct"
"US STOCKS-Wall St sinks  set for first monthly loss since August " "NEW YORK  Jan 31 U.S. stocks retreated on Friday  on course for their first monthly decline since August  in the wake of weak earnings reports by companies like Amazon and Walmart and concerns about declining currencies in emerging markets."
"International Paper fourth-quarter  profit nearly doubles " "International Paper Co   the largest North American producer of corrugated shipping boxes  said on Tuesday that fourth-quarter profit nearly doubled due in part to strong sales to Amazon.com Inc  and other retail customers."
"Amazon asks customers to pick from TV pilots for show development " "LOS ANGELES Amazon.com Inc released its second batch of TV pilots on Thursday and asked for customer feedback to help determine which of the 10 shows to develop into series for its video streaming service."
"Amazon asks customers to pick from TV pilots for show development " "LOS ANGELES  Feb 6 Amazon.com Inc  released its second batch of TV pilots on Thursday and asked for customer feedback to help determine which of the 10 shows to develop into series for its video streaming service."
"US STOCKS-S&P 500 edges up after 4-day rally  but P&G weighs " "* TripAdvisor rallies after results; Lorillard  Intuit fall"
"US STOCKS-S&P 500's four-day rally ends on P&G's outlook " "* TripAdvisor rallies after results; Lorillard  Intuit fall"
"US STOCKS-S&P's 4-day rally ends on P&G's view; Cisco off late " "* TripAdvisor rallies after results; Lorillard  Intuit fall"
"Brazil land disputes spread as Indians take on wildcat miners " "JACAREACANGA  Brazil As Brazil struggles to solve land disputes between Indians and farmers on the expanding frontier of its agricultural heartland  more tensions over forest and mineral resources are brewing in the remote Amazon."
"Brazil land disputes spread as Indians take on wildcat miners " "JACAREACANGA  Brazil  Feb 17 As Brazil struggles to solve land disputes between Indians and farmers on the expanding frontier of its agricultural heartland  more tensions over forest and mineral resources are brewing in the remote Amazon."
"M&S leaves Amazon behind as new website goes live " "* General merchandise sales down for 10 straight quarters"
"M&S leaves Amazon behind as new website goes live " "LONDON Marks & Spencer  Britain's biggest clothing retailer  has launched a new website platform  a key plank of its strategy to reverse nearly a decade of market share decline in its most profitable business."
"Upsetting the app cart: Asian messaging services challenge mobile order " "Asian chat services KakaoTalk  LINE and WeChat threaten to overturn the mobile order of things  usurping the role of Google Inc  Apple Inc  Amazon.com Inc  Facebook Inc and telecoms carriers as gatekeeper to the consumer."
"Upsetting the app cart: Asian messaging services challenge mobile order " "Feb 19 Asian chat services KakaoTalk  LINE and WeChat threaten to overturn the mobile order of things  usurping the role of Google Inc  Apple Inc  Amazon.com Inc  Facebook Inc and telecoms carriers as gatekeeper to the consumer."
"UPDATE 3-U.S. telecom regulator will write new 'Open Internet' rules " "WASHINGTON  Feb 19 U.S. federal regulators will once again try to set rules that make sure broadband providers do not block or slow access to content on the Internet  or charge content providers like Netflix or Amazon  for faster Web service."
"G20 agrees on push to close tax loopholes  make multinationals pay " " "
"RPT-G20 agrees on push to close tax loopholes  make multinationals pay " "SYDNEY  Feb 23 The world's top economies agreed on Sunday to develop stricter rules on cross-border taxation to close loopholes that have allowed multinationals such as Starbucks Corp  Google Inc  Apple Inc  and Amazon.com Inc to avoid paying taxes."
"EU lawmakers delay vote on scrapping roaming fees by 2015 " "BRUSSELS EU lawmakers postponed a planned vote on Monday on scrapping mobile phone roaming charges by 2015 and preventing telecoms network operators from charging companies such as Google and Amazon to provide faster web services."
"EU lawmakers want to scrap roaming fees by 2015 - EU paper " "BRUSSELS EU lawmakers want to scrap mobile phone roaming charges by 2015 and to prevent telecoms network operators from charging companies such as Google and Amazon to provide faster Web services  EU documents show."
"EU lawmakers want to scrap roaming fees by 2015 - EU paper " "* Lawmakers against discriminating between internet content providers"
"UPDATE 1-EU lawmakers delay vote on scrapping roaming fees by 2015 " "* Lawmakers against discriminating between Internet content providers"
"Apple urges U.S. appeals court to void 'radical' e-books ruling " "NEW YORK  Feb 26 Apple Inc urged a U.S. appeals court to throw out a judge's ""radical"" finding that it violated antitrust law by manipulating electronic book prices  and blamed publishers for running a conspiracy it claimed to know nothing about."
"CORRECTED-YOUR MONEY-Why Amazon Prime shoppers may flee with fee hike " "(Changes references to Randy Allen below the sub-heading 'REVOLT' to ""her"" from ""his"" and to ""Allen"" from ""he."")"
"Why Amazon Prime shoppers may flee with fee hike " "CHICAGO As an Amazon Prime customer since December 2012  Michelle Huffman of Milwaukee has gladly paid the annual $79 fee for the perk of free two-day shipping on items ranging from tea and cookbooks to DVDs and Nestle Smarties (milk chocolate buttons imported from Germany)."
"UPDATE 3-Better profit at Best Buy in holiday quarter cheers investors " "Feb 27 U.S. retailer Best Buy Co Inc  reported a better-than-expected profit in the quarter covering the holiday season and said it would more aggressively cut costs this year to fund its turnaround efforts  sending shares higher in midday trading."
"U.S. Supreme Court agrees to hear Amazon workers' security check case " "March 3 The U.S. Supreme Court agreed on Monday to hear a case that could determine whether companies such as Amazon.com Inc must pay workers for the time they spend waiting to clear security checks at the end of their work shifts."
"U.S. Supreme Court agrees to hear Amazon workers' security check case " "The U.S. Supreme Court agreed on Monday to hear a case that could determine whether companies such as Amazon.com Inc  must pay workers for the time they spend waiting to clear security checks at the end of their work shifts."
"Winklevoss twins use bitcoins to book space trip " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 5 You can't spend bitcoins at Amazon.com or to pay your mortgage but  as the Winklevoss twins showed on Wednesday  you can use the digital currency to book a trip into suborbital space."
"Winklevoss twins use bitcoins to book space trip " "SAN FRANCISCO You can't spend bitcoins at Amazon.com or to pay your mortgage but  as the Winklevoss twins showed on Wednesday  you can use the digital currency to book a trip into suborbital space."
"Germany's Otto invests to see off Amazon  Zalando threat " "BERLIN  March 6 Germany's Otto  Europe's second biggest e-commerce player  is investing in its mobile platform and plans to launch a new fashion website as it fights to keep pace with the rapid expansion of Amazon."
"UK court ruling may prompt more scrutiny of Amazon tax plans " "LONDON Amazon's tax affairs could come under more scrutiny in Britain  tax experts said  after a judge questioned whether it really was organized in the tax efficient way it said it was."
"UK court ruling may prompt more scrutiny of Amazon tax plans " "LONDON  March 7 Amazon's tax affairs could come under more scrutiny in Britain  tax experts said  after a judge questioned whether it really was organized in the tax efficient way it said it was."
"Outlook for online state sales tax fix dims in U.S. Congress " "WASHINGTON  March 12 Prospects for federal action to resolve a fight over state sales taxation of online retailing faded on Wednesday in the U.S. Congress  after a senior Republican lawmaker said more debate is needed before legislation can move forward."
"Amazon plans Prime fee hike by $20  risks consumer wrath " "Amazon.com Inc plans to hike the annual fee for its popular Prime service by 25 percent to $99 starting next week  a move announced on Thursday that risks losing customers for a feature that has helped drive its business. | Video "
"Amazon raising annual Prime membership fee to $99 " " "
"BRIEF-Amazon.com raises price of Amazon Prime membership to $99/yr from $79/yr " "March 13 Amazon.com Inc :  * Says raises price of amazon prime membership to $99/yr from $79/yr"
"Ocado sees opportunities from Amazon move into groceries " "LONDON British online grocer Ocado sees Amazon's push to sell more groceries as more of an opportunity than a threat  believing it will encourage big international retailers to look for partners to help them get set up in e-commerce."
"Ocado sees opportunities from Amazon move into groceries " "LONDON  March 13 British online grocer Ocado  sees Amazon's  push to sell more groceries as more of an opportunity than a threat  believing it will encourage big international retailers to look for partners to help them get set up in e-commerce."
"UPDATE 3-Amazon plans Prime fee hike by $20  risks consumer wrath " "March 13 Amazon.com Inc plans to hike the annual fee for its popular Prime service by 25 percent to $99 starting next week  a move announced on Thursday that risks losing customers for a feature that has helped drive its business."
"Czech city deals blow to Amazon's plans for distribution hub " "PRAGUE  March 18 The Czech Republic's second-largest city Brno dealt a blow to U.S. online retailer Amazon.com Inc's plans for a distribution centre in the south of the country  as councillors  voted on Tuesday to reject some conditions for its construction."
"Amazon closes third-party store in China over fake cosmetic report " "SHANGHAI  March 21 U.S e-commerce giant Amazon.com Inc's China unit will strengthen regulation of its online sales channels and has closed down a third-party store  the online retailer said on Thursday  after state media criticised Amazon and smaller local rival Dangdang for selling fake cosmetics."
"Amazon closes third-party store in China over fake cosmetic report " "SHANGHAI U.S. e-commerce giant Amazon.com Inc's China unit will strengthen regulation of its online sales channels and has closed down a third-party store  the online retailer said on Thursday  after state media criticized Amazon and smaller local rival Dangdang for selling fake cosmetics."
"Shifts in rainfall  not warming pause  slow sea level rise " "OSLO Heavy rains from the Amazon to Australia have curbed sea level rise so far this century by shifting water from the oceans to land  according to a study that rejects theories that the slowdown is tied to a pause in global warming."
"Shifts in rainfall  not warming pause  slow sea level rise " "* Underlying rate of sea level rise continues - French study"
"Cisco joins cloud computing race with $1 billion plan " "Cisco Systems Inc plans to offer cloud computing services  pledging to spend $1 billion over the next two years to enter a market currently led by the world's biggest online retailer Amazon.com Inc."
"Cisco joins cloud computing race with $1 bln plan - WSJ " "March 24 Cisco Systems Inc plans to offer cloud computing services  pledging to spend $1 billion over the next two years to enter a market currently led by the world's biggest online retailer Amazon.com Inc  the Wall Street Journal reported."
"UPDATE 1-Cisco joins cloud computing race with $1 bln plan " "March 24 Cisco Systems Inc plans to offer cloud computing services  pledging to spend $1 billion over the next two years to enter a market currently led by the world's biggest online retailer Amazon.com Inc."
"Google slashes cloud computing prices in rivalry with Amazon " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc slashed its cloud computing service prices on Tuesday  seeking to wrest customers from Amazon.com Inc and Microsoft Corp in the fast-growing market of renting computers and data storage to companies."
"Google slashes cloud computing prices in rivalry with Amazon " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 25 Google Inc  slashed its cloud computing service prices on Tuesday  seeking to wrest customers from Amazon.com Inc and Microsoft Corp in the fast-growing market of renting computers and data storage to companies."
"Amazon follows Google in slashing cloud computing prices " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc will drop prices on most of its cloud computing services starting April 1  the largest U.S. online retailer said on Wednesday  a day after rival Google Inc outlined a major price cut of its own."
"Amazon follows Google in slashing cloud computing prices " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 26 Amazon.com Inc  will drop prices on most of its cloud computing services starting April 1  the largest U.S. online retailer said on Wednesday  a day after rival Google Inc outlined a major price cut of its own."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon follows Google in slashing cloud computing prices " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 26 Amazon.com Inc  will drop prices on most of its cloud computing services starting April 1  the largest U.S. online retailer said on Wednesday  a day after rival Google Inc outlined a major price cut of its own."
"Amazon aims for TV business with free video streaming: WSJ " "SAN FRANCISCO Online retailer Amazon.com Inc plans to enter the battle for living-room viewership in the coming months  launching a free  ad-supported streaming TV service  the Wall Street Journal reported on Thursday  citing anonymous sources."
"Top Kindle exec to update on Amazon video business next week " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 27 Amazon.com Inc will hold a rare press conference in New York on April 2 amid intense speculation that it will reveal a streaming device that rivals the Apple TV and Google Chromcast."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon aims for TV business with free video streaming -WSJ " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 27 Online retailer Amazon.com Inc plans to enter the battle for living-room viewership in the coming months  launching a free  ad-supported streaming TV service  the Wall Street Journal reported on Thursday  citing anonymous sources."
"Amazon workers in Germany strike again in protracted pay dispute " "BERLIN Hundreds of workers at online retailer Amazon in Germany went on strike on Monday  the first stoppage this year in a pay dispute that has dragged on for months."
"Amazon workers in Germany strike again in protracted pay dispute " "BERLIN  March 31 Hundreds of workers at online retailer Amazon in Germany went on strike on Monday  the first stoppage this year in a pay dispute that has been dragging on for months."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon workers in Germany strike again in protracted pay dispute " "BERLIN  March 31 Hundreds of workers at online retailer Amazon in Germany went on strike on Monday  the first stoppage this year in a pay dispute that has dragged on for months."
"Amazon drops plan to build logistics centre in Czech city of Brno " "PRAGUE  April 2 Amazon.com has dropped a plan to build a logistics centre in the eastern Czech city of Brno following a decision by local authorities not to endorse the project  a spokeswoman said on Wednesday."
"Amazon leaps into home entertainment fray with $99 Fire TV " "NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc made a play for the increasingly crowded home entertainment arena by unveiling the $99 ""Fire TV"" video and game streaming device on Wednesday  with hopes of boosting its main online retail business over the longer term. | Video "
"Amazon unveils Fire TV to rival Apple  Roku " "NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO  April 2 Amazon.com Inc  unveiled a video streaming device dubbed Fire TV on Wednesday that can pipe video directly to television and offers a more prominent showcase for the e-commerce giant's slate of original programming."
"UPDATE 1-Apple  Facebook  Google Web data centers getting greener -report " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 2 Apple Inc  Google Inc and Facebook Inc have made significant progress in adopting renewable energy sources to power their Web services  the environmental group Greenpeace said in a report on Wednesday."
"UPDATE 4-Amazon leaps into home entertainment fray with $99 Fire TV " "NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO  April 2 Amazon.com Inc  made a play for the increasingly crowded home entertainment arena by unveiling the $99 ""Fire TV"" video and game streaming device on Wednesday  with hopes of boosting its main online retail business over the longer term."
"Amazon launches Amazon Dash for delivery of groceries  household items " "Amazon.com Inc launched a new product named Amazon Dash on Friday that allows the user to add groceries and household goods to their shopping lists using the company's AmazonFresh service."
"Amazon launches Amazon Dash for delivery of groceries  household items " "April 4 Amazon.com Inc launched a new product named Amazon Dash on Friday that allows the user to add groceries and household goods to their shopping lists using the company's AmazonFresh service."
"E-commerce firm AIH bets on peer-to-peer lending " "JOHANNESBURG E-commerce firm Africa Internet Holdings (AIH) has launched a person-to-person lending service as a digital alternative to banks  adding to its range of businesses which include a would-be African Amazon."
"Amazon wins patent fight with Rovi in appeals court " "WASHINGTON  April 8 Rovi  which sells television guide programs to cable providers  lost a patent fight with Amazon.com on Tuesday when an appeals court upheld a decision by a Delaware district court."
"Big push into gaming brings out Amazon's gentler side " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc  a company known for its ruthless drive  is courting the free-wheeling coders and dreamers of the gaming industry with a lighter touch as it seeks to break into an arena now dominated by Apple and Google."
"Big push into gaming brings out Amazon's gentler side " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 8 Amazon.com Inc  a company known for its ruthless drive  is courting the free-wheeling coders and dreamers of the gaming industry with a lighter touch as it seeks to break into an arena now dominated by Apple and Google."
"Rovi loses patent fight with Amazon in U.S. appeals court " "WASHINGTON Rovi  which sells television guide programs to cable providers  lost a patent fight with Amazon.com on Tuesday when a federal appeals court upheld a U.S. district judge's ruling in favor of the world's largest online retailer."
"UPDATE 1-Rovi loses patent fight with Amazon in U.S. appeals court " "WASHINGTON  April 8 Rovi  which sells television guide programs to cable providers  lost a patent fight with Amazon.com on Tuesday when a federal appeals court upheld a U.S. district judge's ruling in favor of the world's largest online retailer."
"US STOCKS-Wall St gains as social media  Internet stocks rebound " "* Indexes up: Dow 0.3 pct  S&P 0.4 pct  Nasdaq 1 pct   (Updates to late morning trade)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St rebound led by gains Internet stocks " "* Indexes: Dow flat; S&P up 0.3 pct  Nasdaq up 0.7 pct   (Updates prices)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St snaps 3-day losing streak as tech rebounds " "* Amazon.com  Yahoo shares jump; investors buy Internet 'bargains'"
"CORRECTED-En route to Amazon  'Rio 2' explores Brazil's musical diversity " "(Corrects names of those nominated for Oscar in paragraph 15)"
"En route to Amazon  'Rio 2' explores Brazil's musical diversity " "LOS ANGELES As the opening scenes of ""Rio 2"" begins  so does the beat."
"Amazon to buy digital comic book publisher comiXology " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc will buy New York-based digital comic book publisher comiXology for an undisclosed sum to beef up its entertainment content."
"Amazon to buy digital comic book publisher comiXology " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 10 Amazon.com Inc  will buy New York-based digital comic book publisher comiXology for an undisclosed sum to beef up its entertainment content."
"Amazon to unveil smartphone in time for holidays -WSJ " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 11 Amazon.com Inc  is preparing to launch its long-rumored smartphone in the second half of the year  the Wall Street Journal cited people briefed on the company's plans as saying  jumping into a crowded market dominated by Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd ."
"Amazon to unveil smartphone in time for winter holidays: WSJ " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc is preparing to launch its long-rumored smartphone in the second half of the year  the Wall Street Journal reported on Friday  citing people briefed on the company's plans."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon to unveil smartphone in time for winter holidays -WSJ " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 11 Amazon.com Inc  is preparing to launch its long-rumored smartphone in the second half of the year  the Wall Street Journal reported on Friday  citing people briefed on the company's plans."
"'Captain America' soars above 'Rio 2' birds to win box office " "LOS ANGELES/NEW YORK  April 13 Marvel's red-white-and-blue superhero soared to a second straight box office win in ""Captain America: The Winter Soldier "" beating out new animated movie ""Rio 2 "" the story of a family of Brazilian birds on a trip to the Amazon."
"UPDATE 1-'Captain America' soars above 'Rio 2' birds to win box office " "LOS ANGELES/NEW YORK  April 13 Marvel's red-white-and-blue superhero soared to a second straight box office win in ""Captain America: The Winter Soldier "" beating out new animated movie ""Rio 2 "" the story of a family of Brazilian birds on a trip to the Amazon."
"German Amazon workers called out on strike again " "FRANKFURT  April 17 German labour union Verdi has called on workers at online retailer Amazon in Germany to go on strike on Thursday as a long-running pay dispute continues."
"Online retailers in Germany under fire over working conditions " "FRANKFURT Working practices at the German operations of two of Europe's largest online retailers have come under fire this week  with more strikes at Amazon and Zalando being forced to defend its warehouse operations after a critical TV report."
"UPDATE 1-Online retailers in Germany under fire over working conditions " "* Zalando denies allegations  sues journalist   (Recasts  adds union comment  details on Zalando)"
"Amazon's tax-free European profits drop after IRS clamp-down " "LONDON  April 18 The amount of money Amazon.com Inc reports through a tax-exempt vehicle in Europe has dropped sharply in the past two years  even as European sales jumped  after the U.S. tax authority tightened rules it felt were being abused to shift profits."
"Amazon's tax-free European profits drop after IRS clamp-down " "LONDON The amount of money Amazon.com Inc reports through a tax-exempt vehicle in Europe has dropped sharply in the past two years  even as European sales jumped  after the U.S. tax authority tightened rules it felt were being abused to shift profits."
"RPT-Amazon's tax-free European profits drop after IRS clamp-down " "LONDON  April 18 The amount of money Amazon.com Inc reports through a tax-exempt vehicle in Europe has dropped sharply in the past two years  even as European sales jumped  after the U.S. tax authority tightened rules it felt were being abused to shift profits."
"Amazon grabs rights to stream older HBO shows " "Amazon.com's streaming video service will offer some older shows from premium-cable channel HBO starting next month  a deal that intensifies both companies' competition with subscription-video service Netflix."
"Amazon's eroding tax advantage  bid to sustain growth in focus in first quarter " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc's quarterly results on Thursday may heighten worries that its edge over online and even traditional brick-and-mortar rivals is narrowing as it charges sales tax in more states  curtailing growth in its core business."
"HBO strikes deal with Amazon to stream shows " "April 23 Some HBO shows and the Internet streaming service HBO Go will be available next month to Amazon  Prime customers  the companies said on Wednesday in a move that could lure customers away from Netflix Inc."
"UPDATE 1-HBO strikes deal with Amazon to stream shows " "April 23 Amazon will begin streaming some HBO shows to its premium customers next month  the companies said on Wednesday  in a move that could lure subscribers away from Netflix Inc  a company they both compete with."
"UPDATE 2-Amazon grabs rights to stream older HBO shows " "April 23 Amazon.com's streaming video service will offer some older shows from premium-cable channel HBO starting next month  a deal that intensifies both companies' competition  with subscription-video service Netflix."
"Amazon CFO: first-quarter unit sales growth slowed from previous quarter " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc  the largest U.S. online retailer  said global growth in unit sales during the first three months of the year slowed to 23 percent from the previous quarter."
"Amazon CFO: first-quarter unit sales growth slowed from previous quarter " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 24 Amazon.com Inc  the largest U.S. online retailer  said global growth in unit sales during the first three months of the year slowed to 23 percent from the previous quarter."
"Amazon posts higher-than-expected first-quarter revenue " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 24 Amazon.com Inc  reported a 32-percent jump in first-quarter net income on Thursday as the largest U.S. online retailer's revenue rose a better-than-expected 23 percent."
"Amazon's revenue increases even as spending rises " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc's revenue grew more than expected for the first quarter  largely offset by a sharp increase in spending on technology  content and new warehouses as the e-commerce company branches into new businesses."
"Amazon to pay more than $300 million for HBO shows: report " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc will pay more than $300 million over three years to offer older shows from premium-cable channel HBO over the next three years  tech blog Re/code reported on Thursday  citing multiple people familiar with the deal."
"Amazon to pay more than $300 mln for HBO shows - report " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 24 Amazon.com Inc will pay more than $300 million over three years to offer older shows from premium-cable channel HBO over the next three years  tech blog Re/code reported on Thursday  citing multiple people familiar with the deal."
"UPDATE 3-Amazon's revenue increases even as spending rises " "(Adds CFO comments on international growth  analyst comment on margins)"
"US STOCKS-Apple buoys Nasdaq; Ukraine weighs on broader market " "* Apple rallies a day after announcing 7-for-1 stock split"
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Shares  dollar slide on Ukraine scare; gold rises " "(Recasts top three paragraphs to reflect fears over broader effect of Ukraine crisis)"
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Shares  dollar slide on Ukraine scare; gold rises " "* Wall St ends down on Ukraine; weak Ford  Amazon results weigh"
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Shares  dollar tumble on Ukraine anxiety " "(Recasts with start of U.S. markets; changes dateline; previous LONDON)"
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Shares  dollar tumble on Ukraine fears; gold up " "* Wall St down on Ukraine fears; weak results from Ford  Amazon"
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall St ends lower; indexes down for the week " "NEW YORK  April 25 U.S. stocks fell on Friday  pulled lower by a decline in consumer discretionary stocks  as bellwether names Amazon.com and Ford Motor fell in the wake of their quarterly earnings."
"US STOCKS-Wall St lower as consumer discretionary stocks drag " "* Indexes down: Dow 0.93 pct  S&P 0.86 pct  Nasdaq 1.76 pct   (Updates to mid-afternoon  changes byline)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St lower on earnings; Amazon weighs on Nasdaq " "* Indexes down: Dow 0.8 pct  S&P 0.7 pct  Nasdaq 1.4 pct   (Updates midday trading)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St trips as Amazon tumbles; indexes slip for week " "* Investors concerned about fallout from Ukraine violence"
"Wall Street trips as Amazon tumbles; indexes slip for week " "NEW YORK U.S. stocks dropped on Friday  pulled lower by a selloff in consumer discretionary stocks as bellwether names Amazon.com and Ford Motor fell in the wake of their quarterly earnings. | Video "
"CORRECTED-US STOCKS-Nasdaq falls  led by Facebook and Amazon; Dow up " "(Corrects first paragraph to show Bank of America weighed on S&P 500  not Dow)"
"German watchdog critical of Asics sales practice " "DUESSELDORF  Germany  April 28 The German cartel office expressed concern on Monday over the way sports goods maker Asics Corp limits sales of its products online to authorised dealers."
"India Morning Call-Global Markets " "NEW YORK - U.S. stocks dropped on Friday  pulled lower by a selloff in consumer discretionary stocks as bellwether names Amazon.com and Ford Motor fell in the wake of their quarterly earnings."
"US STOCKS-S&P 500  Dow end up after late rebound; Apple  Pfizer lift " "(Updates close with jump in Agenus; adds Gogo's shares down after the bell)"
"US STOCKS-S&P 500 ends up with Apple  Pfizer; Nasdaq dips " "* Pfizer works on next move in takeover bid for Astrazeneca"
"Electronics chain Media-Saturn squares up to e-commerce challenge " "* Media-Saturn CEO says some store managers clinging to past"
"Ticketfly taps former Amazon exec for operating role " "SAN FRANCISCO  May 5 Ticketfly  which harnesses data analytics to promote events  hired a former Amazon executive to run day-to-day operations as the start-up adds more events to its roster and lays the groundwork to expand internationally."
"France's Casino seeks Nasdaq global e-commerce unit IPO: source " "SAO PAULO France's Casino  hired Morgan Stanley & Co  and JPMorgan Chase & Co  to list its global e-commerce platform spanning from Brazil to Thailand  a person familiar with the plan said on Tuesday  as the group faces competition from U.S. giant Amazon.com Inc  and Chinese rival Alibaba ."
"HP to invest over $1 billion in open-source cloud computing " "Hewlett-Packard Co said it plans to invest more than $1 billion over the next two years to develop and offer cloud-computing products and services."
"HP to invest over $1 bln in open-source cloud computing " "May 7 Hewlett-Packard Co said it plans to invest more than $1 billion over the next two years to develop and offer cloud-computing products and services."
"UPDATE 2-Tech firms write to U.S. FCC to oppose 'net neutrality' plan " "(Adds intention of FCC to move ahead with proposals at May 15 meeting)"
"UPDATE 3-France's Casino seeks Nasdaq global e-commerce unit IPO -source " "(Adds analyst comments  share performance in paragraphs 4-8)"
"US STOCKS-Dow  S&P gain on Yellen; Nasdaq ends down for 2nd day " "* Yellen cites housing  geopolitical tensions as economic risks"
"UPDATE 3-Tech companies urge U.S. FCC to scrap 'net neutrality' plan " "(Adds comments by FCC Commissioner Clyburn  background; paragraphs 4-5  13-17)"
"Amazon's UK tax bill 10 mln stg on $7 bln sales " "LONDON  May 9 Amazon.com Inc filed accounts on Friday showing a UK tax bill of 10 million pounds ($16.95 million) despite $7.3 billion sales in Britain  because the company reports most of its European profit in a tax-exempt Luxembourg partnership."
"Italy investigates mobile app practices at Apple  Google  Amazon " "MILAN  May 17 U.S. tech giants Apple  Google and Amazon and French game developer Gameloft are under investigation in Italy for alleged unfair commercial practices  the country's antitrust and competition authority said."
"Italy investigates mobile app practices at Apple  Google  Amazon " "MILAN U.S. tech giants Apple  Google and Amazon and French game developer Gameloft are under investigation in Italy for alleged unfair commercial practices  the country's antitrust and competition authority said."
"As Amazon looms  Indian e-tailers strike $400 mln in deals " "* Flipkart to buy majority stake in Myntra - Myntra official"
"DIARY-U.S. MEETINGS/WEEK AHEAD " "THOMSON REUTERS  May 21 2014 - Corporate Meetings for US companies for Week ahead.         S&P 500 Earnings - Weekly           S&P 500 Earnings - Day Ahead        Non S&P 500 - Weekly               Non S&P 500 - Day Ahead             ConferenceCall/Webcast - Weekly    ConferenceCall/Webcast - Day        S&P 500 Earnings - Monthly           Meetings - Day Ahead                Economic Indicators                  Dividends                           Daily earnings hits & misses         Federal Rese"
"Donors commit $215 million for Amazon conservation in Brazil " "RIO DE JANEIRO  May 21 Brazil's government  the World Wildlife Fund and various partners are expected to unveil an agreement on Wednesday that would establish a $215 million fund for conservation of protected jungle in the Amazon rainforest."
"Germany's Otto seeks advantage from ethical credentials " "* Otto online sales up 6.4 pct to 6.063 bln euros in 2013/14"
"Ecuador regulator OKs two fields in large Amazon oil project " "QUITO  May 22 Ecuador's environmental regulator gave the go-ahead Thursday to oil company Petroamazonas to develop two of three fields in its ITT project  one of the country's largest oil areas  controversially located around an ecological reserve."
"Trip Tips: Manaus  Brazil's industrial outpost in the Amazon " "MANAUS  Brazil  May 23 Manaus is best known as a stopover for travelers on the way to and from eco tours in Brazil's Amazon rainforest  but in many ways it is more like a bustling frontier outpost of the modern  industrial world on a distant  jungle planet."
"UPDATE 1-India's Flipkart buys fashion portal as Amazon spurs consolidation " "* Flipkart buys majority stake in Myntra; to invest over $100 mln"
"COLUMN-Why I'm ditching my Amazon account " "(The opinions expressed here are those of the author  a columnist for Reuters.)"
"Book publisher Hachette says working to resolve Amazon dispute " "May 28 Hachette said on Wednesday it plans to work to resolve a contract dispute with Amazon after the online retailer said it was preparing for a long battle with the book publisher."
"Lagardere targets growth  downplays Amazon row " "PARIS French media group Lagardere has targeted organic annual revenue growth of more than 3 percent through to 2018  helped by new markets and online sales  and said a dispute with online retailer Amazon would not affect 2014 sales."
"UPDATE 2-Amazon says quick end unlikely in dispute with Hachette " "* Hachette operating in 'good faith' but two sides at odds -Amazon"
"Amazon/Hachette dispute unlikely to provoke regulators  experts say " "WASHINGTON  May 29 The U.S. government's unwillingness to stop Amazon.com from using hardball tactics in fights with book publishers has angered book lovers but antitrust experts say regulators are unlikely to intervene in what appear to be business disputes."
"Amazon/Hachette dispute unlikely to provoke regulators  experts say " "WASHINGTON The U.S. government's unwillingness to stop Amazon.com from using hardball tactics in fights with book publishers has angered book lovers but antitrust experts say regulators are unlikely to intervene in what appear to be business disputes."
"Book publisher Hachette says working to resolve Amazon dispute " "Hachette said on Wednesday it plans to work to resolve a contract dispute with Amazon  after the online retailer said it was preparing for a long battle with the book publisher. | Video "
"Taiwan's Acer launches cloud computing drive in shift from PC reliance " "TAIPEI  May 27 Taiwan's Acer Inc  detailed its long-touted push into cloud computing on Thursday  as the struggling computer maker responds to a shrinking PC market by pitting itself against cloud leaders Amazon.com Inc  and Google Inc."
"Taiwan's Acer launches cloud computing drive in shift from PC reliance " "TAIPEI Taiwan's Acer Inc 2353.TW detailed its long-touted push into cloud computing on Thursday  as the struggling computer maker responds to a shrinking PC market by pitting itself against cloud leaders Amazon.com Inc AMZN.O and Google Inc GOOGL.O."
"Union calls for German Amazon workers to strike again " "FRANKFURT Labor union Verdi has called on workers at online retailer Amazon.com in Germany to go on strike for two days as it continues efforts to negotiate a new pay deal."
"Union calls for German Amazon workers to strike again " "FRANKFURT  May 29 Labour union Verdi has called on workers at online retailer Amazon.com in Germany to go on strike for two days as it continues efforts to negotiate a new pay deal."
"UPDATE 1-Taiwan's Acer launches cloud computing drive in shift from PC reliance " "* Chairman Shih to support BYOC after June retirement   (Adds graphic link)"
"Lagardere targets growth  downplays Amazon row " "PARIS French media group Lagardere has targeted organic annual revenue growth of more than 3 percent through to 2018  helped by new markets and online sales  and said a dispute with online retailer Amazon would not affect 2014 sales."
"German union extends strikes at Amazon warehouses " "BERLIN  June 2 Workers at German warehouses of online retailer Amazon.com extended strikes on Monday as labour union Verdi pressed its demands in a long-running dispute over pay and conditions."
"German union extends strikes at Amazon warehouses " "BERLIN Workers at German warehouses of online retailer Amazon.com extended strikes on Monday as labor union Verdi pressed its demands in a long-running dispute over pay and conditions."
"Amazon stirs smartphone launch talk with June 18 event " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc revived speculation about its next major product on Wednesday  using a mysterious YouTube video and website post to tease a June 18 ""launch event"" in Seattle to be hosted by CEO Jeff Bezos."
"Amazon stirs smartphone launch talk with June 18 event " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 4 Amazon.com Inc  revived speculation about its next major product on Wednesday  using a mysterious YouTube video and website post to tease a June 18 ""launch event"" in Seattle to be hosted by CEO Jeff Bezos."
"Exclusive: India likely to ease restrictions for foreign online retailers in July " "MUMBAI/NEW DELHI India could allow global online retailers such as Amazon.com Inc  to sell their own products as early as next month  removing restrictions that have held back competition in one of the world's biggest  and most price-sensitive  retail markets."
"India likely to announce foreign investment in e-commerce next month-sources " "MUMBAI/NEW DELHI  June 4 Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government could allow foreign direct investment in India's e-commerce sector as early as next month  paving the way for global online retailers such as Amazon to expand their business  four people with knowledge of the matter told Reuters."
"India likely to announce foreign investment in e-commerce next month-sources " "MUMBAI/NEW DELHI Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government could allow foreign direct investment in India's e-commerce sector as early as next month  paving the way for global online retailers such as Amazon to expand their business  four people with knowledge of the matter told Reuters."
"EU competition chief to examine Amazon  Hachette e-book spat " "LONDON  June 5 The European Commission's anti-trust officials are investigating a row between online retailer Amazon and French publisher Hachette."
"Amazon expands middleman role in latest online payments push " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc will start managing subscription payments for start-ups and other companies - the latest in a series of quiet moves the e-commerce giant has made into PayPal's turf over the past year."
"Amazon stops pre-orders for ""Lego""  upcoming Warner videos - NYT " "June 10 Amazon.com Inc has refused to take pre-orders for upcoming Time Warner home video movie titles  including 'The Lego Movie'  '300: Rise of an Empire'  'Winter's Tale' and 'Transcendence'  the New York Times reported on Tuesday."
"UPDATE 2-Alibaba takes on Amazon and eBay with U.S e-commerce website " "June 11 Chinese e-commerce company Alibaba Group Holding Ltd  unveiled its first direct-to-consumer online shop in the United States on Wednesday  looking to take on Amazon.com Inc and eBay Inc on their home turf."
"US STOCKS-Wall Street dips  but tech helps Nasdaq " "* Dow down 0.5 pct; S&P 500 down 0.3 pct; Nasdaq off 0.1 pct   (Updates to midday)"
"Amazon offers limited streaming music service with Prime " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc  launched a streaming music service on Thursday that comes free with its $99-a-year Prime membership program  but offers a smaller selection of recent hits than rivals Spotify and Apple Inc's  Beats Music."
"Amazon offers limited streaming music service with Prime " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 12 Amazon.com Inc  launched a streaming music service on Thursday that comes free with its $99-a-year Prime membership program  but offers a smaller selection of recent hits than rivals Spotify and Apple Inc's Beats Music."
"New-look England and wizened Italy face jungle test " "MANAUS Brazil The tactical approaches of England and Italy's wily coaches Roy Hodgson and Cesare Prandelli will come under the microscope with the oppressive atmosphere of the Amazon rainforest providing the backdrop for a Group D clash on Saturday."
"England and Italy level at halftime after Sturridge equalizer " "MANAUS Brazil Daniel Sturridge canceled out Claudio Marchisio's fine strike as England and Italy went into halftime at 1-1 after an action-packed first half of their World Cup Group D match in the Amazon city of Manaus on Saturday."
"Italy's Prandelli happy with pitch  wary of different England " "MANAUS Brazil Italy have the know-how to beat a much improved England side boasting plenty of attacking talent on a good pitch that should produce a spectacular clash in the Amazon city of Manaus  coach Cesare Prandelli said on Friday."
"Sherlock Holmes belongs to the public  U.S. court rules " "Fifty Sherlock Holmes works published before 1923 by Arthur Conan Doyle are in the public domain  a U.S. appeals court said on Monday  and others may refer to them freely without paying licensing fees to the Scottish writer's estate."
"Sherlock Holmes belongs to the public  U.S. court rules " "June 16 A U.S. appeals court said 50 Sherlock Holmes works published before 1923 by Arthur Conan Doyle are in the public domain  and others may refer freely to them without paying licensing fees to the Scottish writer's estate."
"UPDATE 1-Sherlock Holmes belongs to the public  U.S. court rules " "June 16 Fifty Sherlock Holmes works published before 1923 by Arthur Conan Doyle are in the public domain  a U.S. appeals court said on Monday  and others may refer to them freely without paying licensing fees to the Scottish writer's estate."
"Wounded lions headed for survival clash in Amazon " "MANAUS Brazil Cameroon's Indomitable Lions must improve on a toothless display in their opening match when they face Croatia in the hot and humid Amazon city of Manaus in Group A on Wednesday while having to cope with the loss of pack leader Samuel Eto’o."
"AT&T to be exclusive carrier for Amazon smartphone - WSJ " "June 17 AT&T Inc will exclusively carry Amazon.com Inc's long-rumored smartphone that is expected to be launched on Wednesday  the Wall Street Journal reported  citing people familiar with the plans. (http://r.reuters.com/gav22w)"
"UPDATE 1-AT&T to be exclusive carrier for Amazon smartphone - WSJ " "June 17 AT&T Inc will exclusively carry Amazon.com Inc's long-rumored smartphone that is expected to be launched on Wednesday  the Wall Street Journal reported  citing people familiar with the plans. (http://r.reuters.com/gav22w)"
"Wandering fans taking each game wherever it comes " "CURITIBA Brazil Not every foreign football fan at the World Cup is set on following their national team around Brazil  from the depths of the Amazon rainforest to the concrete jungle of Sao Paulo and beaches of Rio de Janeiro."
"Amazon aims to break from pack with 3D  shopping-ready 'Fire' phone " "SEATTLE Amazon.com Inc's  new cellphone seeks to offer shoppers instant gratification by recognizing thousands of products  television shows and songs and allowing users to immediately buy them - on the e-commerce giant's own site  of course."
"Amazon CEO Bezos unveils ""Fire"" smartphone " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 18 Amazon.com Inc  Chief Executive Officer Jeff Bezos unveiled a ""Fire"" smartphone on Wednesday with free  unlimited photo storage  jumping into a crowded field dominated by Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics."
"Amazon expected to unveil 3D smartphone to court mobile shoppers " "SEATTLE Amazon.com Inc's  newest mobile device  a smartphone that may sport a 3D screen  is the retailer's latest attempt to exert its influence over the way consumers shop online. | Video "
"BlackBerry seals deal with Amazon to offer Android apps " "TORONTO BlackBerry Ltd reached a licensing deal with Amazon.com Inc on Wednesday that will let the Canadian smartphone maker offer some 240 000 Android applications from Amazon's app store on its lineup of BlackBerry 10 devices this fall."
"Singing binmen of Belo Horizonte entertain fans " "BELO HORIZONTE Brazil The strait-laced Brazilian city of Belo Horizonte may not have exotic Amazon or sun-kissed beaches to entertain fans between matches - but it does have its very own singing binmen."
"UPDATE 2-BlackBerry seals deal with Amazon to offer Android apps " "TORONTO  June 18 BlackBerry Ltd reached a licensing deal with Amazon.com Inc on Wednesday that will let the Canadian smartphone maker offer some 240 000 Android applications from Amazon's app store on its lineup of BlackBerry 10 devices this fall."
"UPDATE 3-Amazon aims to break from pack with 3D  shopping-ready ""Fire"" phone " "SEATTLE  June 18 Amazon.com Inc's new cellphone seeks to offer shoppers instant gratification by recognizing thousands of products  television shows and songs and allowing users to immediately buy them - on the e-commerce giant's own site  of course."
"US STOCKS-Wall St gains on Fed's view; S&P 500 ends at a record " "* Fed bumps up rate-hike path but sees lower long-term rates"
"US STOCKS-Wall St on track to end at a new record after Fed comments " "* Fed cuts 2014 growth forecast  still confident about recovery"
"US STOCKS-Wall St rises slightly after Fed statement " "* Fed cuts 2014 growth forecast  still confident about recovery"
"Amazon unveils 3D 'Fire' phone " "SEATTLE Amazon.com Inc's  new cellphone seeks to offer shoppers instant gratification by recognizing thousands of products  television shows and songs and allowing users to immediately buy them - on the e-commerce giant's own site  of course. | Video "
"Amazon close to resolving pricing dispute with Warner Bros: WSJ " "Amazon.com Inc has resumed preorders of movie discs from Time Warner Inc's Warner Bros Studio as the companies are close to resolving a pricing dispute  the Wall Street Journal reported citing people familiar with the matter."
"Amazon close to resolving pricing dispute with Warner Bros -WSJ " "June 23 Amazon.com Inc has resumed preorders of movie discs from Time Warner Inc's Warner Bros Studio as the companies are close to resolving a pricing dispute  the Wall Street Journal reported citing people familiar with the matter."
"Hachette nears deal to buy Perseus Books - NY Times " "June 24 Hachette Book Group is close to buying Perseus Books Group  the sixth-largest U.S. publisher  the New York Times reported on Tuesday  citing people familiar with the matter."
"Google to unveil new television set-top box on Wednesday: WSJ " "Google Inc is expected to unveil at least one small set-top box that resembles products like the Roku  Amazon's Fire TV  and Apple Inc's Apple TV  the Wall Street Journal reported citing sources who have seen the device."
"Google to unveil new television set-top box on Wednesday - WSJ " "June 25 Google Inc is expected to unveil at least one small set-top box that resembles products like the Roku  Amazon's Fire TV  and Apple Inc's  Apple TV  the Wall Street Journal reported citing sources who have seen the device."
"Brazil court revokes license for Canadian gold mine in Amazon " "BRASILIA  June 26 A federal court has revoked the environmental license for a massive gold mine planned by Belo Sun Mining Corp on the Xingu River in the Amazon  ruling that the company had failed to assess the impact on local indigenous communities."
"Infosys co-founder Murthy plans India JV with Amazon: paper " "Infosys Ltd  co-founder N.R. Narayana Murthy is close to entering into an e-commerce joint venture in India with Amazon.com Inc  through his investment firm  Catamaran Ventures  India's Economic Times reported."
"Infosys co-founder Murthy plans India JV with Amazon - paper " "June 26 Infosys Ltd co-founder N.R. Narayana Murthy is close to entering into an e-commerce joint venture in India with Amazon.com Inc through his investment firm  Catamaran Ventures  India's Economic Times reported."
"UPDATE 1-Brazil court revokes license for Canadian gold mine in Amazon " "BRASILIA  June 26 A federal court has revoked the environmental license for a large gold mine planned by Belo Sun Mining Corp on the Xingu River in the Amazon  ruling that the company had failed to assess the impact on local indigenous communities."
"Amazon and Indian investment firm to help small businesses get online " "Amazon.com Inc's Asia unit will provide back-end support in a venture with an Indian private investment firm formed by Infosys Ltd co-founder N.R. Narayana Murthy that aims to help get Indian companies online."
"UPDATE 2-Amazon and Indian investment firm to help small businesses get online " "June 27 Amazon.com Inc's Asia unit will provide back-end support in a venture with an Indian private investment firm formed by Infosys Ltd co-founder N.R. Narayana Murthy that aims to help get Indian companies online."
"Adidas lifts ban on sales via eBay  other online sites " "DUESSELDORF Germany German sportswear maker Adidas has decided to allow the sale of its products via market-place sites like eBay and Amazon  an issue the German cartel office has been investigating."
"Adidas lifts ban on sales via online market places " "DUESSELDORF  Germany  July 1 German sportswear maker Adidas has decided to allow the sale of its products via market-place sites like Ebay and Amazon   an issue the German cartel office has been investigating."
"COLUMN-Which U.S. tech stocks are the best bargains now? " "(The opinions expressed here are those of the author  a columnist for Reuters.)"
"STXNEWS LATAM-Brazil's Estácio buys Amazon studies institute " "Brazilian for-profit education company Estácio Participações SA  agreed on Tuesday to buy Instituto de Estudos Superiores da Amazônia (Iesam) for 80 million reais ($36 million). In a securities filing  Estácio said Iesam has 4 500 students enrolled in 23 different undergraduate and 18 post-graduation degrees distributed across one campus."
"UPDATE 1-Adidas lifts ban on sales via eBay  other online sites " "DUESSELDORF  Germany  July 1 German sportswear maker Adidas has decided to allow the sale of its products via market-place sites like eBay and Amazon   an issue the German cartel office has been investigating."
"Which U.S. tech stocks are the best bargains now? " "LONG BEACH Calif. (The opinions expressed here are those of the author  a columnist for Reuters.)"
"Amazon fights FTC over mobile in-app purchases -report " "July 2 Amazon.com Inc is fighting U.S. regulators' requests that it tighten policies on in-app purchases  The Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday  taking a hard line on a controversial issue that rivals like Apple Inc  have settled."
"'Disappointed' Amazon fights FTC over mobile in-app buys " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc is fighting U.S. regulators' demands that it pay a penalty over its policies on purchases made by children on smartphone applications  according to documents seen by Reuters."
"Kroger to buy online retailer Vitacost.com for $280 million " "Kroger Co  the biggest U.S. supermarket operator  said it would buy online grocery and nutrition products retailer Vitacost.com Inc for about $280 million to strengthen its online retailing business."
"UPDATE 1-'Disappointed' Amazon fights FTC over mobile in-app buys " "(Changes sourcing; adds details from documents  byline  city in dateline)"
"Amazon's Luxembourg taxes under scrutiny: FT " "European officials have asked Luxembourg to hand over documents relating to U.S. online retailer Amazon's  tax affairs in the country  the Financial Times reported on Thursday  citing official sources."
"Amazon's Luxembourg taxes under scrutiny - FT " "July 3 European officials have asked Luxembourg to hand over documents relating to U.S. online retailer Amazon's  tax affairs in the country  the Financial Times reported on Thursday  citing official sources."
"Unions from five countries meet over Amazon working conditions " "* Amazon building more logistics centres in eastern Europe"
"Amazon courts Hachette authors by proposing they keep e-book revenue " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc proposed that Hachette Book Group authors keep 100 percent of revenue from e-book sales while the two sides work through a thorny contract dispute that has kept some of the publisher's books off Amazon's website for months."
"Amazon proposes Hachette authors keep all revenue as dispute drags on " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 8 Amazon.com Inc  has proposed that Hachette authors keep 100 percent of revenue from digital book sales while both sides work to resolve a contractual dispute that has kept some Hachette books off its website for months  the Wall Street Journal cited people familiar with the matter as saying."
"Amazon rainforest grew after climate change 2 000 years ago: study " "OSLO Swathes of the Amazon may have been grassland until a natural shift to a wetter climate about 2 000 years ago let the rainforests form  according to a study that challenges common belief that the world’s biggest tropical forest is far older."
"Latam e-commerce firm Linio gets $79 million in new investment " "BERLIN Linio  an e-commerce company bidding to be the Amazon of Latin America set up by German venture capital firm Rocket Internet  has attracted 58 million euros ($79 million) in new funding  helping it expand to new markets like Chile."
"REFILE-Latam e-commerce firm Linio gets $79 mln in new investment " "BERLIN  July 8 Linio  an e-commerce company bidding to be the Amazon of Latin America set up by German venture capital firm Rocket Internet  has attracted 58 million euros ($79 million) in new funding  helping it expand to new markets like Chile."
"Accused Silk Road creator loses bid to dismiss U.S. indictment " "NEW YORK  July 9 The man accused of creating Silk Road  which U.S. authorities said was an online drug marketplace  lost his bid on Wednesday to dismiss a federal indictment accusing him of conspiring to deal illegal narcotics and launder money."
"Amazon courts Hachette authors by proposing they keep e-book revenue " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc ratcheted up the pressure on Hachette Book Group by proposing the publisher's authors get all the revenue from ebooks sold by the ecommerce company  as both sides try to resolve their bitter months-long contract dispute."
"Retailers swallow online food cost to lock in shoppers " "BERLIN Big retailers are taking a calculated hit to margins to invest in online grocery operations  in the hope they can persuade consumers to add more profitable items like clothes and computers to their orders of fruit and vegetables."
"British author Ahlberg says rejects award due to Amazon link " "LONDON British children's author Allan Ahlberg has rejected a lifetime achievement award after finding out it was sponsored by Internet bookseller Amazon  which he said does not pay its fair share of tax in Britain."
"British author Ahlberg says turns down award due to Amazon link " "LONDON  July 10 Noted British children's book author Allan Ahlberg has rejected a lifetime achievement award after finding out it was sponsored by the Internet bookseller Amazon  which he maintained does not pay its fair share of tax in Britain."
"British author Ahlberg says turns down award due to Amazon link " "LONDON Noted British children's book author Allan Ahlberg has rejected a lifetime achievement award after finding out it was sponsored by the Internet bookseller Amazon  which he maintained does not pay its fair share of tax in Britain."
"UPDATE 1-British author Ahlberg says rejects award due to Amazon link " "LONDON  July 10 British children's author Allan Ahlberg has rejected a lifetime achievement award after finding out it was sponsored by Internet bookseller Amazon  which he said does not pay its fair share of tax in Britain."
"UPDATE 3-TV newcomers 'True Detective ' 'Orange' storm Emmys race " "(Adds details on overlooked shows  quotes from nominees)     By Mary Milliken and Eric Kelsey     LOS ANGELES  July 10 Television newcomers ""True Detective "" a crime drama from HBO  and ""Orange is the New Black "" a dark prison comedy from Netflix  racked up a dozen Emmy nominations each on Thursday in a challenge to stalwarts like ""Breaking Bad"" and ""Modern Family.""     Online streaming company Netflix Inc  the big disrupter of the Emmys last year  more than doubled its nominations f"
"UPDATE 3-U.S. sues Amazon over purchases by kids using mobile apps " "(New throughout  adds details on apps and in-app purchases)"
"U.S. sues Amazon for kids' in-app charges without parental consent " "WASHINGTON  July 10 Amazon.com charged parents millions of dollars for in-app purchases that their children made without getting permission  the U.S. Federal Trade Commission said in a lawsuit filed against the online retailer on Thursday."
"U.S. sues Amazon over purchases by kids using mobile apps " "WASHINGTON The U.S. government sued Amazon.com on Thursday for allowing children to collectively run up millions of dollars in purchases on the credit cards of their unsuspecting parents while playing mobile apps like ""Tap Zoo"" and ""Ice Age Village."""
"Amazon seeks FAA permission to test drones outdoors near Seattle " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc is seeking permission from U.S. regulators to test its delivery drones near Seattle  as part of a rapid expansion of a program that has sparked widespread debate over the safety and privacy implications of drone technology."
"Amazon seeks FAA permission to test drones outdoors near Seattle " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 10 Amazon.com Inc  is seeking permission from U.S. regulators to test its delivery drones near Seattle  as part of a rapid expansion of a program that has sparked widespread debate over the safety and privacy implications of drone technology."
"Amazon in talks with Simon & Schuster: Moonves " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc is in talks with Simon & Schuster Inc  the chief executive of the book publisher's parent company said on Tuesday  representing a second front in Amazon's feud with the publishing industry over digital book pricing. "
"Amazon in talks with Simon & Schuster -Moonves " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 15 Amazon.com Inc  is in talks with Simon & Schuster Inc  the chief executive of the book publisher's parent company said on Tuesday  representing a second front in Amazon's feud with the publishing industry over digital book pricing."
"Amazon ponders Netflix-like service for ebooks: report " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc is considering a new e-book subscription service called ""Kindle Unlimited "" that aims to replicate popular video-streaming models for the digital books market  according to several online reports and a test page that briefly appeared on the Internet retailer's website."
"Amazon ponders Netflix-like service for ebooks - report " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 16 Amazon.com Inc  is considering a new e-book subscription service called ""Kindle Unlimited "" that aims to replicate popular video-streaming models for the digital books market  according to several online reports and a test page that briefly appeared on the Internet retailer's website."
"UPDATE 3-PayPal fuels higher eBay revenue even as cyber attack  rivals weigh " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 16 EBay Inc posted a 13 percent rise in quarterly revenue on Wednesday  as better-than-expected results from its fast-growing PayPal division helped the online retailer overcome increasing competition from Amazon.com Inc and a well-publicized cyber attack."
"UPDATE 6-Time Warner win would make Murdoch U.S. media king " "NEW YORK  July 16 Rupert Murdoch's Twenty-First Century Fox Inc made an audacious offer for Time Warner Inc that if it succeeds would transform the American media landscape and cement the 83-year-old's status as the most powerful magnate in U.S. media and entertainment."
"Amazon starts Netflix-style book service amid publisher spat " "NEW YORK Amazon.com Inc launched a $9.99-per-month subscription service on Friday that lets customers read as much as they choose from its library of more than 600 000 digital books."
"Amazon unveils e-book subscription service with unlimited access " "July 18 Amazon.com Inc on Friday unveiled a subscription service that allows customers to read as much as they choose from its library of more than 600 000 e-books."
"GE's $3 billion credit card IPO pegged to U.S. consumer recovery " "The success of General Electric Co's impending initial public offering for its private-label credit card unit could ride on investors' willingness to bet that a lukewarm consumer-led U.S. economic recovery heats up."
"GE's $3 bln credit card IPO pegged to U.S. consumer recovery " "July 18 The success of General Electric Co's  impending initial public offering for its private-label credit card unit could ride on investors' willingness to bet that a lukewarm consumer-led U.S. economic recovery heats up."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon starts Netflix-style book service amid publisher spat " "NEW YORK  July 18 Amazon.com Inc  launched a $9.99-per-month subscription service on Friday that lets customers read as much as they choose from its library of more than 600 000 digital books."
"China has more people going online with a mobile device than a PC " "BEIJING  July 21 The number of China's internet users going online with a mobile device - such as a smartphone or tablet - has overtaken those doing so with a personal computer (PC) for the first time  said the official China Internet Network Information Center (CNNIC) on Monday."
"PetSmart hires bank to study buyback  deal options: sources " "NEW YORK PetSmart Inc has hired investment bank JPMorgan Chase & Co to evaluate a range of alternatives  including a leveraged share buyback and a potential deal with private equity  according to people familiar with the matter."
"Amazon posts larger second-quarter loss  but revenue rises " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 24 Amazon.com Inc  posted a larger loss in the second quarter as its rapid pace of investment in new businesses such as digital content and same-day delivery offset revenue growth  sending its shares lower in after-hours trading."
"Amazon's heavy investing eats into bottom line  shares drop " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc posted a much larger-than-expected loss in the second quarter as it continues its rapid pace of investment in new businesses such as digital content and consumer electronics."
"Amazon spending more than $100 million on original content in third-quarter " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc is spending more than $100 million on original video content in the third quarter  considerably higher than its spending a year ago and in the second quarter  Chief Financial Officer Tom Szkutak said on Thursday."
"Amazon spending more than $100 mln on original content in Q3 " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 24 Amazon.com Inc  is spending more than $100 million on original video content in the third quarter  considerably higher than its spending a year ago and in the second quarter  Chief Financial Officer Tom Szkutak said on Thursday."
"Amazon's smartphone fails to kindle a 'Fire' among reviewers " "Amazon.com Inc's new ""Fire"" smartphone features ""gimmicks"" - such as 3D effects and object scanner - that may not be enough to entice users away from similarly priced Apple Inc iPhones and Samsung's Galaxy S5  reviewers said."
"Amazon's smartphone fails to kindle a ""Fire"" among reviewers " "July 24 Amazon.com Inc's new ""Fire"" smartphone features ""gimmicks"" - such as 3D effects and object scanner - that may not be enough to entice users away from similarly priced Apple Inc iPhones and Samsung's  Galaxy S5  reviewers said."
"BRIEF-Amazon's ""Fire"" smartphone includes chips from Qualcomm  Samsung  NXP - ifixit teardown " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 24 Amazon.com Inc :  * New ""fire"" smartphone includes ram  nand memory chips from Samsung elecronics"
"UPDATE 2-Amazon's heavy investing eats into bottom line  shares drop " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 24 Amazon.com Inc  posted a much larger-than-expected loss in the second quarter as it continues its rapid pace of investment in new businesses such as digital content and consumer electronics."
"US STOCKS-Wall St ends flat on mixed earnings; S&P 500 at record " "* Caterpillar drags on Dow; Facebook at record on results"
"Amazon's far-reaching ambitions  lack of profits  unnerve investors " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc's message to investors has always been clear: trust in founder and CEO Jeff Bezos. But after more than a year of mostly disappointing quarterly results  that faith is being tested."
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks and euro hit by German data  U.S. results " "* Wall Street lower in afternoon trading     * Downbeat German Ifo survey weighs on euro  European shares     * Amazon.com  Visa down after disappointing results     * Russian shares and bonds fall   (Updates with oil settlement prices)     By Caroline Valetkevitch     NEW YORK  July 25 Some disappointing U.S. earnings  including those of Amazon.com  and weak German economic data pressured world stock markets on Friday  while the euro clung to an eight-month low against the U.S. doll"
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks and euro pressured by German data  U.S. results " "* Wall Street ends lower; MSCI world index also down     * Downbeat German Ifo survey weighs on euro  European shares     * Amazon.com  Visa down after disappointing results   (Updates with U.S. market closing levels)     By Caroline Valetkevitch     NEW YORK  July 25 Some disappointing U.S. earnings  including Amazon.com  and weak German economic data pressured world stock markets on Friday  while the euro hit an eight-month low against the U.S. dollar.     Amazon was the biggest dr"
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks  euro slip as German data  U.S. earnings drag " "* Euro dips  European shares subdued after downbeat German Ifo survey     * Wall Street lower in midday trading     * Amazon.com  Visa down after disappointing results     * Russian shares  bonds fall   (Updates prices  adds quotes  details on Amazon.com results)     By Caroline Valetkevitch     NEW YORK  July 25 U.S. earnings disappointments  including from Amazon.com  and weak German economic data pressured world stock markets on Friday  while the euro clung to an eight-month low a"
"Global stocks and euro pressured by German data  U.S. results " "NEW YORK Some disappointing U.S. earnings  including Amazon.com  and weak German economic data pressured world stock markets on Friday  while the euro hit an eight-month low against the U.S. dollar. | Video "
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall St closes down with Amazon  Visa " "NEW YORK  July 25 U.S. stocks closed lower on Friday in a broad consumer discretionary-led selloff after Visa  and Amazon.com  a pair of closely watched bellwether names  reported disappointing results."
"US STOCKS-Wall St closes lower on Amazon  Visa; S&P's weekly gain erased " "* Indexes down: Dow 0.7 pct  S&P 0.5 pct  Nasdaq 0.5 pct   (Updates to close)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St falls on Amazon  Visa results " "* Indexes down: Dow 0.8 pct  S&P 0.5 pct  Nasdaq 0.5 pct   (Updates to afternoon trading)"
"US STOCKS-Wall Street weighed by results as Amazon  Visa disappoint " "* Indexes down:  Dow 0.75 pct  S&P 0.47 pct  Nasdaq 0.58 pct   (Updates prices  adds to comment)"
"Wall St. closes lower on Amazon  Visa; S&P's weekly gain erased " "NEW YORK U.S. stocks closed lower on Friday in a broad consumer discretionary-led selloff after Visa and Amazon  a pair of closely watched bellwether names  reported disappointing results."
"Amazon's far-reaching ambitions  lack of profits  unnerve investors " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc's message to investors has always been clear: trust in founder and CEO Jeff Bezos. But after more than a year of mostly disappointing quarterly results  that faith is being tested. | Video "
"Africa e-commerce firm expands to new markets " "* African online retailer Jumia expands into three markets"
"Africa e-commerce firm expands to new markets " "BERLIN Online retailer Jumia  a would-be African Amazon set up by German venture capital firm Rocket Internet  is expanding into three new markets - Uganda  Ghana and Cameroon  the company said on Monday."
"Amazon offers 3D printing to customize earrings  bobble head toys " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc will offer 3D printing services that allow customers to customize and build earrings  bobble head toys and other items from third-party sellers using a new personalization option on its website."
"Amazon to open five new warehouses in India " "MUMBAI Amazon.com Inc's Indian unit will open five new warehouses in the country  which will almost double its storage capacity to half a million square feet  the company said in a statement on Monday."
"Amazon to open five new warehouses in India " "MUMBAI  July 28 Amazon.com Inc's Indian unit will open five new warehouses in the country  which will almost double its storage capacity to half a million square feet  the company said in a statement on Monday."
"Shares  dollar steady ahead of key U.S. data  Fed meeting " "NEW YORK World stock markets were little changed on Monday while the U.S. dollar traded mostly flat against a basket of major currencies ahead of key U.S. economic reports and events this week."
"Act now on climate change or see costs soar  White House says " "WASHINGTON  July 29 Putting off expensive measures to curb climate change will only cost the United States more in the long run  the White House said on Tuesday in a report meant to bolster a series of actions  President Barack Obama has proposed to address global warming."
"Act now on climate change or see costs soar  White House says " "WASHINGTON Putting off expensive measures to curb climate change will only cost the United States more in the long run  the White House said on Tuesday in a report meant to bolster a series of actions President Barack Obama has proposed to address global warming."
"Amazon says lower ebook prices benefit authors  publishers " "Amazon.com Inc  locked in a war with publisher Hachette Book Group over ebook prices  said its push for lower prices was good for authors  publishers and booksellers."
"Indian e-tailer Flipkart raises $1 billion in funding " "MUMBAI  July 29 Flipkart  India's largest e-tailer  said on Tuesday it raised a fresh round of funding worth $1 billion as it tries to aggressively scale up after Amazon.com Inc's rapid expansion in the country has heated up competition."
"UPDATE 1-Act now on climate change or see costs soar  White House says " "WASHINGTON  July 29 Putting off expensive measures to curb climate change will only cost the United States more in the long run  the White House said on Tuesday in a report meant to bolster a series of actions President Barack Obama has proposed to address global warming."
"US STOCKS-Wall Street ends down; Twitter rallies after-hours " "* Merck up as results beat expectations  but Pfizer slips"
"Amazon says to invest $2 billion more in India " "July 30 Amazon.com Inc will invest an added $2 billion in India as the e-commerce giant ramps up business in the country  the company said on Wednesday  a day after local rival Flipkart announced a fresh round of funding worth $1 billion."
"Amazon to invest $2 billion more in India as e-commerce race heats up " "MUMBAI Amazon.com Inc  on Wednesday said it will invest a further $2 billion in India just a day after the country's largest e-tailer Flipkart attracted $1 billion of fresh funds  raising the stakes in a nascent but fast-growing e-commerce sector."
"REFILE-UPDATE 1-Amazon to invest $2 bln more in India as e-commerce race heats up " "* Announcement follows rival Flipkart $1 bln fund raising"
"ADM gets final approval for northern Brazil grains terminal use " "SAO PAULO  July 31 The Brazilian arm of U.S. commodities trader Archer Daniels Midland Co received final government approval to ship soybeans and corn from its new terminal at the mouth of the Amazon  Brazil's official gazette said."
"Amazon quickens push into tough local services market " "SAN FRANCISCO Seattle audio and video technician Todd Mueller showed up last year for what might have been a routine job except for one thing: Amazon.com Inc  was taking notes. As he mounted a flat-screen TV on the wall  an Amazon employee studied how he covered his shoes and used a blanket to protect the hardwood floor."
"CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-GE credit card unit Synchrony makes muted debut on NYSE " "(Corrects 17th paragraph to "" ... 75 percent of profit""  not "" ... 75 percent of revenue"")"
"GE credit card unit Synchrony makes muted debut on NYSE " "General Electric Co's  credit card unit  Synchrony Financial   made a muted debut on the New York Stock Exchange on Thursday as investors remained ambivalent about the chances of a consumer-led U.S. economic recovery."
"INDIA PRESS-Amazon  Flipkart looking for land to build warehouses-Economic Times " "Note: Reuters has not verified this story and does not vouch for its accuracy.   (Compiled by Aby Jose Koilparambil in Bangalore)"
"Amazon stops some Disney movie preorders: WSJ " "NEW YORK Amazon.com has halted pre-orders of some Disney movies  the Wall Street Journal reported on Sunday  in what appears to be another contract dispute after the online giant began a protracted spat with publisher Hachette Book Group this year."
"Amazon stops some Disney movie preorders: WSJ " "NEW YORK Amazon.com Inc has halted pre-orders of some Disney movies  the Wall Street Journal reported  in what appears to be another contract dispute after the online retailer began a protracted spat with publisher Hachette Book Group this year. | Video "
"Amazon.com builds brick-and-mortar presence with card-swiping device " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 13 Amazon.com Inc  unveiled a $10 credit-card reader and mobile app for brick-and-mortar businesses on Wednesday  marking the latest step by the U.S. online retailer to expand its presence in the physical world."
"Amazon.com takes on PayPal  Square with credit card reader " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc  unveiled a $10 credit-card reader and mobile app for businesses on Wednesday  expanding further into bricks-and-mortar retail and the rapidly evolving mobile payments arena. | Video "
"UPDATE 1-Amazon.com takes on PayPal  Square with credit card reader " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 13 Amazon.com Inc  unveiled a $10 credit-card reader and mobile app for businesses on Wednesday  expanding further into bricks-and-mortar retail and the rapidly evolving mobile payments arena."
"US STOCKS-Futures point to gains despite retail sales data " "* Futures up: Dow 47 pts  S&P 6.5 pts  Nasdaq 14.5 pts   (Updates prices  adds data and King Digital)"
"US STOCKS-Futures rise as tensions in Ukraine  Iraq seem to wane " "NEW YORK  Aug 13 U.S. stock index futures rose on Wednesday amid a perceived  easing of tensions in both Ukraine and Iraq  which pushed investors to seek bargains."
"US STOCKS-Wall St rallies broadly  Dow again positive for 2014 " "* Retail stocks slip after soft economic data  Macy's outlook"
"With sharp focus  quantum dot makers scale up to meet demand " "Aug 13 When Amazon.com Inc was developing its most advanced tablet to date  it asked a little-known company to solve a tricky problem with the screen: how to produce rich colors without draining battery life."
"With sharp focus  quantum dot makers scale up to meet demand " "When Amazon.com Inc was developing its most advanced tablet to date  it asked a little-known company to solve a tricky problem with the screen: how to produce rich colors without draining battery life."
"Germany's Douglas launches sale of book store chain " "DUESSELDORF/FRANKFURT  Aug 14 German retailer Douglas has launched a sale of its Thalia book stores division  which is facing stiff competition from Amazon  two people familiar with the deal said."
"Germany's Douglas launches sale of book store chain " "DUESSELDORF/FRANKFURT German retailer Douglas has launched a sale of its Thalia book stores division  which is facing stiff competition from Amazon   two people familiar with the deal said."
"Germany's Douglas launches sale of book store chain " "DUESSELDORF/FRANKFURT German retailer Douglas has launched a sale of its Thalia book stores division  which is facing stiff competition from Amazon   two people familiar with the deal said."
"YOUR MONEY-Smart ways to save on college textbooks " "(The author is a Reuters contributor. The opinions expressed are his own)"
"Brazil makes progress on saving forests  Indonesia risks setbacks-report " "OSLO  Aug 18 Brazil has made good progress in safeguarding the Amazon rainforest but Indonesia's plans for its forests could face setbacks under a new government  a report commissioned by top forest aid donor Norway said on Monday."
"Brazil makes progress on saving forests  Indonesia risks setbacks-report " "OSLO Brazil has made good progress in safeguarding the Amazon rainforest but Indonesia's plans for its forests could face setbacks under a new government  a report commissioned by top forest aid donor Norway said on Monday."
"Amazon enters free trade zone to boost offering in China -Xinhua " "BEIJING  Aug 20 Amazon.com will set up shop in China's Shanghai free trade zone  state media said on Wednesday  aiming to take advantage of less stringent trade regulations to sell a wider range of products in the country."
"Amazon enters Shanghai free trade zone to boost offering in China " "BEIJING Amazon.com will set up shop in China's Shanghai free trade zone  the company said on Wednesday  aiming to take advantage of less stringent trade regulations to sell a wider range of products in the country."
"BRIEF-British Land sells 52 Poland Street to Amazon Property " "* Exchanged on sale of 52 Poland Street  to Amazon Property for £26 million"
"CORRECTED-YOUR MONEY-Smart ways to save on college textbooks " "(In the 12th paragraph  corrects spelling of Casady to remove extra letter)"
"UPDATE 1-Amazon enters Shanghai free trade zone to boost offering in China " "BEIJING  Aug 20 Amazon.com will set up shop in China's Shanghai free trade zone  the company said on Wednesday  aiming to take advantage of less stringent trade regulations to sell a wider range of products in the country."
"Conservation of Amazon threatened by poor social conditions of its people: study " "LONDON (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - The conservation of Brazil's Amazon is threatened by the poor social conditions of its 24 million inhabitants  the first comprehensive study measuring the situation found on Saturday."
"Amazon.com to buy Twitch for roughly $1 bln-source " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 25 Amazon.com Inc  will buy live-streaming gaming network Twitch for roughly $1 billion in a deal expected to be announced later on Monday  a person familiar with the matter said."
"Amazon in talks to buy live-streaming game site Twitch -report " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 25 Amazon.com Inc is in discussions to acquire Twitch  the live-streaming gaming network that Google Inc had reportedly expressed an interest in buying  tech blog The Information reported on Monday  citing two people familiar with the matter."
"Amazon snaps up live video startup Twitch for $970 million " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc snapped up live-streaming gaming network Twitch Interactive for about $970 million in cash  reflecting Chief Executive Officer Jeff Bezos' resolve to transform Amazon into an Internet destination beyond its core retail operations."
"Deals of the day- Mergers and acquisitions " "Aug 25 The following bids  mergers  acquisitions and disposals were reported by 2145 GMT on Monday:"
"UPDATE 1-Amazon to buy live-streaming game site Twitch - WSJ " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 25 Amazon.com Inc  has agreed to buy live-streaming gaming network Twitch for more than $1 billion  the Wall Street Journal reported  citing two people familiar with the matter."
"WRAPUP 1-Amazon snaps up live video startup Twitch for $970M cash " "(Combines stories on Amazon announcing the deal with background; adds comments from Amazon  details)"
"WRAPUP 2-Amazon snaps up live video startup Twitch for $970 million " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 25 Amazon.com Inc  snapped up live-streaming gaming network Twitch Interactive for about $970 million in cash  marking the largest deal in the U.S. e-commerce company's 20-year history."
"WRAPUP 3-Amazon snaps up live video startup Twitch for $970 million " "(Adds comments from Amazon and Twitch executives  background on Google interest in Twitch)"
"Amazon snaps up live video startup Twitch for $970 million " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc snapped up live-streaming gaming network Twitch Interactive for about $970 million in cash  reflecting Chief Executive Officer Jeff Bezos' resolve to transform Amazon into an Internet destination beyond its core retail operations."
"Market Chatter- Corporate finance press digest " "Aug 26 The following corporate finance-related stories were reported by media:"
"RPT-Twitch gamers lead online march to live video streaming " "SAN FRANCISCO/LOS ANGELES  Aug 26 Amazon.com Inc tracked Twitch's evolution from scrappy guerrilla startup to one of the Internet's hottest media properties. On Monday  it announced a near-$1 billion acquisition to get into one of the fastest-growing online arenas: live-streaming."
"Twitch gamers lead online march to live video streaming " "SAN FRANCISCO/LOS ANGELES  Aug 25 Amazon.com Inc  tracked Twitch's evolution from scrappy guerrilla startup to one of the Internet's hottest media properties. On Monday  it announced a near-$1 billion acquisition to get into one of the fastest-growing online arenas: live-streaming video."
"UPDATE 1-Market Chatter-Corporate finance press digest " "Aug 26 The following corporate finance-related stories were reported by media:"
"US STOCKS-Futures flat  few incentives to buy; S&P 500 off record " "NEW YORK  Aug 26 U.S. stock index futures were little changed on Tuesday  with investors finding few reasons to buy after a rally in the previous session that took the S&P 500 above 2 000 for the first time."
"US STOCKS-Futures point to flat Wall St open; S&P 500 near record " "* Futures up: Dow 24 pts  S&P 2.5 pts  Nasdaq 7.25 pts   (Updates prices  adds DSW results)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St edges up  S&P rises back above 2 000 " "* U.S. consumer confidence hits highest since October 2007"
"US STOCKS-Wall St rises  Dow and S&P 500 set intraday records " "* U.S. consumer confidence hits highest since October 2007"
"Washington Post names ex-Politico executive as publisher " "WASHINGTON  Sept 2 The Washington Post's owner  Amazon.com Inc founder Jeff Bezos  has named a former executive from rival Politico as publisher of the 137-year-old newspaper  replacing Katharine Weymouth."
"Amazon CFO to step down next summer amid investor discontent " "Amazon.com Inc's finance chief plans to step down next summer after more than a dozen years at the post  the e-commerce company said on Wednesday  at a time when more investors have been complaining about skimpy profits and high spending."
"UPDATE 2-Amazon CFO to step down next summer amid investor discontent " "Sept 3 Amazon.com Inc's finance chief plans to step down next summer after more than a dozen years at the post  the e-commerce company said on Wednesday  at a time when more investors have been complaining about skimpy profits and high spending."
"Amazon  U.S. mail test grocery deliveries around San Francisco " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc has begun using the U.S. Postal Service to deliver groceries on a trial basis in the San Francisco area  in a potential boost for the online retailer's fledgling but gradually expanding ""AmazonFresh"" service."
"Amazon  U.S. mail test grocery deliveries around San Francisco " "SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 4 Amazon.com Inc  has begun using the U.S. Postal Service to deliver groceries on a trial basis in the San Francisco area  in a potential boost for the online retailer's fledgling but gradually expanding ""AmazonFresh"" service."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon  U.S. mail test grocery deliveries around San Francisco " "SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 4 Amazon.com Inc  has begun using the U.S. Postal Service to deliver groceries on a trial basis in the San Francisco area  in a potential boost for the online retailer's fledgling but gradually expanding ""AmazonFresh"" service."
"Amazon.com's retail practices in India come under scrutiny: WSJ " "SAN FRANCISCO Regulators in India are investigating whether Amazon.com Inc may have circumvented restrictions placed on foreign investors by selling directly to domestic consumers  The Wall Street Journal on Friday  citing unidentified sources."
"Amazon's retail practices in India come under scrutiny -WSJ " "SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 5 Indian regulators are investigating whether Amazon.com Inc may have circumvented restrictions placed on foreign investors by selling directly to domestic consumers  the Wall Street Journal on Friday cited unidentified sources as saying."
"Building a giant? Rocket bets big on new online markets " "* Its top 8 emerging mkt e-commerce firms had $708 mln 2013 sales"
"Building a giant? Rocket bets big on new online markets " "SINGAPORE/MOSCOW/BERLIN Germany's Rocket Internet faces daunting logistical challenges and rising local competition from Lagos to Laos as it races to capture customers in emerging markets before e-commerce titans Amazon and Alibaba can catch up."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon.com's retail practices in India come under scrutiny-WSJ " "(Adds details on Indian investment  investigation; share price)"
"Isolated Peruvian tribe risks human contact  and disease " "ALTO MADRE DE DIOS RIVER Peru Six Mashco Piro tribeswomen crouched low as they escaped back into the jungle after raiding a remote lodge in Peru's Manu National Park in the western Amazon  clutching newly prized tools: metallic cooking pots."
"Canadian retailers bet on technology in fight with U.S. giants " "TORONTO Canadian retailers  scrambling to keep pace with the likes of Wal-Mart Stores Inc  and Amazon.com Inc  in an increasingly crowded market  are investing heavily in high-tech tools to lure shoppers."
"Canadian retailers bet on technology in fight with U.S. giants " "TORONTO  Sept 8 Canadian retailers  scrambling to keep pace with the likes of Wal-Mart Stores Inc and Amazon.com Inc in an increasingly crowded market  are investing heavily in high-tech tools to lure shoppers."
"RPT-Building a giant? Rocket bets big on new online markets " "* Rocket has launched 70 firms in more than 100 countries"
"INDIA PRESS-Amazon  Flipkart in separate tie-ups for electronic launches - Financial Express " "Note: Reuters has not verified this story and does not vouch for its accuracy.   (Compiled by Derek Francis in Bangalore)"
"Rakuten says to buy U.S. rebate site operator Ebates for $1 billion " "TOKYO Japanese e-commerce firm Rakuten Inc  said on Tuesday it would buy U.S. Internet discounter Ebates Inc for $1 billion  extending an acquisition spree in a deal whose logic has been questioned by analysts and investors alike."
"UPDATE 1-Rakuten says to buy US rebate site operator Ebates for $1 bln " "(Adds comments from CEO  analyst comment  company context)"
"Brazil confirms Amazon deforestation sped up in 2013 " "SAO PAULO  Sept 10 The destruction of the world's largest rainforest accelerated last year with a 29 percent spike in deforestation  according to final figures released by the Brazilian government on Wednesday that confirmed a reversal in gains seen since 2009."
"Brazil confirms Amazon deforestation sped up in 2013 " "SAO PAULO The destruction of the world's largest rainforest accelerated last year with a 29 percent spike in deforestation  according to final figures released by the Brazilian government on Wednesday that confirmed a reversal in gains seen since 2009."
"RadioShack plunges after brokerage cuts price target to $0 " "Sept 10 Troubled electronics retailer RadioShack Corp's shares have lost nearly a third of their value since brokerage Wedbush Securities said on Tuesday the company could file for bankruptcy soon  making the stock worthless by the end of this year."
"RadioShack plunges after brokerage cuts price target to $0 " "Troubled electronics retailer RadioShack Corp's shares have lost nearly a third of their value since brokerage Wedbush Securities said on Tuesday the company could file for bankruptcy soon  making the stock worthless by the end of this year."
"Rocket's $6.5 billion float plan joins e-commerce listings rush " "BERLIN German venture capital firm Rocket Internet unveiled plans for a stock market listing that could value the company behind dozens of online start-ups at $6.5 billion  riding a wave of e-commerce flotations."
"INDIA PRESS-After US  Amazon plans portal for wholesale merchants in India - Economic Times " "Note: Reuters has not verified this story and does not vouch for its accuracy.   (Compiled by Derek Francis in Bangalore)"
"Hachette writers plan to appeal directly to Amazon's board - NYT " "Sept 15 Writers published by Hachette Book Group and their allies are planning to appeal directly to the board of Amazon.com Inc to find a way out of the impasse over e-book prices  the New York Times reported."
"Hachette writers plan to appeal directly to Amazon's board: NYT " "Writers published by Hachette Book Group and their allies are planning to appeal directly to the board of Amazon.com Inc to find a way out of the impasse over e-book prices  the New York Times reported."
"RPT-Hachette authors urge Amazon board to end contract dispute " "SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 15 More than 1 000 Hachette Book Group authors including Malcolm Gladwell  Stephen King and James Patterson have urged Amazon.com Inc's directors to end a contract dispute with their publisher that has cost some writers' 90 percent of their sales on the online retailer's website."
"Authors urge Amazon board to end contract dispute with Hachette " "(This Sept. 15 story corrects headline  first and second paragraphs to show group contacting Amazon board also includes authors not published by Hachette)"
"Boeing-Lockheed venture said teaming with Bezos on rocket engine " "WASHINGTON  Sept 15 A joint venture of Boeing Co  and Lockheed Martin Corp plans to announce on Wednesday that it will team up with Blue Origin  a company run by Amazon.com Inc founder Jeff Bezos  to develop a new rocket engine  a source familiar with the plans said."
"CORRECTED-Authors urge Amazon board to end contract dispute with Hachette " "(Corrects headline  first and second paragraphs to show group contacting Amazon board also includes authors not published by Hachette)"
"New global plans unveiled to crack down on corporate tax avoidance " "LONDON  Sept 16 Plans for a major rewriting of international tax rules unveiled on Tuesday could eliminate structures that have allowed companies like Google Inc  and Amazon.com Inc to shave billions of dollars off their tax bills."
"OECD unveils proposals to curb corporate tax avoidance " "LONDON New international tax rules proposed on Tuesday could eliminate structures that have allowed companies such as Google Inc  and Amazon.com Inc  to shave billions of dollars off their tax bills."
"Ohio offers Amazon tax breaks to build $1.1 billion data center " "SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 16 State and local officials in Ohio are courting Amazon.com Inc with tax breaks and other perks to convince the No. 1 U.S. online retailer to build a $1.1 billion data center in central Ohio and create 120 jobs  according to public records."
"Ohio offers Amazon tax breaks to build $1.1 billion data center " "SAN FRANCISCO State and local officials in Ohio are courting Amazon.com Inc with tax breaks and other perks to convince the No. 1 U.S. online retailer to build a $1.1 billion data center in central Ohio and create 120 jobs  according to public records."
"UPDATE 1-OECD unveils proposals to curb corporate tax avoidance " "* Rules aim to end ""double non-taxation"" - OECD   (Adds expert and NGO comment)"
"Boeing-Lockheed picks Bezos engine for future rockets " "WASHINGTON  Sept 17 United Launch Alliance  a joint venture of Boeing Co and Lockheed Martin Corp   on Wednesday said it had chosen a new engine developed by Amazon.com founder Jeff Bezos and his company Blue Origin to power future rockets."
"Boeing-Lockheed venture picks Bezos engine for future rockets " "WASHINGTON United Launch Alliance (ULA)  a Boeing Co and Lockheed Martin Corp joint venture  said on Wednesday it would invest heavily in a new rocket engine being developed by Amazon.com Inc founder Jeff Bezos and his company Blue Origin."
"Brazil's Silva hits back at rumors  recalls hungry youth " "SAO PAULO In an emotional new television ad  Brazilian presidential candidate Marina Silva hit back at rumors that she would do away with popular social welfare programs if elected  citing her own youth growing up poor and hungry in the Amazon rainforest."
"Brazil's Silva hits back at rumors  recalls hungry youth " "SAO PAULO  Sept 17 In an emotional new television ad  Brazilian presidential candidate Marina Silva hit back at rumors that she would do away with popular social welfare programs if elected  citing her own youth growing up poor and hungry in the Amazon rainforest."
"UPDATE 2-Boeing-Lockheed venture picks Bezos engine for future rockets " "(Adds comments from Pentagon chief arms buyer  Air Force general)"
"Amazon expands Kindle lineup  boosts price of basic e-reader " "NEW YORK Amazon.com Inc ramped up its push into hardware on Wednesday with the debut of six new or upgraded devices  including a  high-end $199 e-reader called the Kindle Voyage and its cheapest-ever touch-screen tablet."
"Amazon expands Kindle lineup  boosts price of basic e-reader " "NEW YORK  Sept 17 Amazon.com Inc ramped up its push into hardware on Wednesday with the debut of six new or upgraded devices  including a  high-end $199 e-reader called the Kindle Voyage and its cheapest-ever touch-screen tablet."
"Virtual meets real in Media-Saturn's new store " "INGOLSTADT Germany Europe's top electronics retailer Media-Saturn unveiled a new store with access to more products via a giant video wall and a drive-in collection point for online orders  aiming to better link online and offline shopping and fight back against internet specialists."
"No quick fix in U.S. bid to end reliance on Russian rocket engines " "WASHINGTON  Sept 21 The U.S. drive to end its reliance on Russian rocket motors got a boost this week when Amazon.com Inc founder Jeff Bezos unveiled a new engine project  but officials and industry insiders say it will take years and hundreds of millions of dollars to develop a locally built alternative."
"No quick fix in U.S. bid to end reliance on Russian rocket engines " "WASHINGTON The U.S. drive to end its reliance on Russian rocket motors got a boost this week when Amazon.com Inc founder Jeff Bezos unveiled a new engine project  but officials and industry insiders say it will take years and hundreds of millions of dollars to develop a locally built alternative."
"German union calls strikes again at Amazon warehouses " "FRANKFURT  Sept 22 Workers at German warehouses of online retailer Amazon.com took strike action again on Monday as labour union Verdi pressed its demands in a long-running dispute over pay and conditions."
"German union calls strikes again at Amazon warehouses " "FRANKFURT Workers at German warehouses of online retailer Amazon.com took strike action again on Monday as labor union Verdi pressed its demands in a long-running dispute over pay and conditions."
"Amazon looks to launch e-books in Netherlands - FT " "Sept 23 Online retailer Amazon.com Inc  is in talks with a number of Dutch publishers to sell e-books in the Netherlands  the Financial Times reported  citing a Dutch publisher."
"Amazon's head of digital music  video to depart " "Sept 24 Amazon.com Inc's head of digital music and video is departing the e-commerce company by the end of the year  a company spokeswoman said on Wednesday."
"Exclusive: Amazon tests smart home gadgets  expands hardware lab " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc will boost staffing at its secretive Silicon Valley-based hardware unit by at least 27 percent over the next five years as it tests Internet-connected ""smart"" home gadgets such as a one-button device to order supplies."
"Amazon's head of digital music  video to depart " "Amazon.com Inc's head of digital music and video is departing the e-commerce company by the end of the year  a company spokeswoman said on Wednesday."
"Market Chatter- Corporate finance press digest - Sept 25 " "Sept 25 The following corporate finance-related stories were reported by media:"
"UPDATE 1-Market Chatter-Corporate finance press digest - Sept 25 " "Sept 25 The following corporate finance-related stories were reported by media:"
"UPDATE 3-Hackers exploit 'Shellshock' bug with worms in early attacks " "(Adds bulletins from Amazon and Google in seventh paragraph)"
"Google searches for right note in online music business " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc is planning new and revamped streaming-music services in coming weeks  searching for a way to stand out in an increasingly crowded field of rivals from Apple Inc and Amazon.com Inc to Spotify."
"Google searches for right note in online music business " "SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 30 Google Inc   is planning new and revamped streaming-music services in coming weeks  searching for a way to stand out in an increasingly crowded field of rivals from Apple Inc and Amazon.com Inc to Spotify."
"Spanish speleologist rescued from Peruvian cave after 12 days " "LIMA A Spanish speleologist trapped 400 meters (1 312 feet) underground in a cave in the Peruvian Amazon for nearly two weeks was pulled to safety on Tuesday  a rescue worker said."
"Amazon  Disney appear close to settling dispute over movies: WSJ " "Amazon.com Inc  appears to be close to settling a nearly two-month dispute with Walt Disney Co during which Amazon stopped offering Disney DVDs for preorder  the Wall Street Journal reported on Tuesday."
"Amazon  Disney appear close to settling dispute over movies -WSJ " "Sept 30 Amazon.com Inc appears to be close to settling a nearly two-month dispute with Walt Disney Co  during which Amazon stopped offering Disney DVDs for preorder  the Wall Street Journal reported on Tuesday."
"Pepsi to launch naturally sweetened soda on Amazon  bypassing stores " "NEW YORK  Oct 1 PepsiCo Inc for the first time is introducing a product exclusively through Amazon.com Inc as the snack and soft drink maker aims to expand its footprint in e-commerce."
"Pepsi to launch naturally sweetened soda on Amazon  bypassing stores " "NEW YORK PepsiCo Inc for the first time is introducing a product exclusively through Amazon.com Inc as the snack and soft drink maker aims to expand its footprint in e-commerce."
"RPT-Pepsi to launch naturally sweetened soda on Amazon  bypassing stores " "NEW YORK  Oct 1 PepsiCo Inc for the first time is introducing a product exclusively through Amazon.com Inc as the snack and soft drink maker aims to expand its footprint in e-commerce."
"Amazon to sell packaged food and beverages in India - Economic Times " "Online retailer Amazon.com Inc plans to sell packaged food and beverages in India from mid-October  the Economic Times reported  citing a person familiar with the matter."
"REFILE-Amazon to sell packaged food and beverages in India - Economic Times " "(Corrects name of beverage to Coca-Cola Zero from Coco-Cola Zero in paragraph 2)"
"Special report: Why Brazil's would-be first black president trails among blacks " "SAO PAULO Brazilians could make history this month by electing Marina Silva  the daughter of impoverished rubber tappers from the Amazon  as their first black president."
"Verizon's Redbox Instant video streaming service to shut down " "NEW YORK  Oct 4 Redbox Instant  a streaming video service operated by Verizon Communications Inc and Outerwall Inc's Redbox  will shut down next week because the venture has not been as successful as hoped  the two companies announced Saturday."
"Amazon to face EU investigation over Luxembourg tax deal -FT " "Oct 6 The European Commission is set to begin a formal probe into allegations that Luxembourg allowed Amazon.com Inc to  benefit illegally from state subsidies for its European operations for almost 10 years  the Financial Times reported on Monday."
"Amazon to face EU investigation over Luxembourg tax deal: FT " "The European Commission is set to begin a formal probe into allegations that Luxembourg allowed Amazon.com Inc to  benefit illegally from state subsidies for its European operations for almost 10 years  the Financial Times reported on Monday."
"BRIEF-Bastei Luebbe signs long-term contract with Amazon " "* Says contract with Amazon for distribution of digital books in Germany as well as expanding distribution to more than 200 other countries  Source text for Eikon:  Further company coverage:"
"Amazon says no special tax deals with Luxembourg " "BRUSSELS  Oct 7 U.S. online retailer Amazon  said on Tuesday that it has not made any special tax deals with Luxembourg following an EU state aid regulators' decision to open an investigation into the issue."
"Amazon says no special tax deals with Luxembourg " "BRUSSELS U.S. online retailer Amazon said on Tuesday that it has not made any special tax deals with Luxembourg following an EU state aid regulators' decision to open an investigation into the issue."
"EU watchdog targets Amazon's Luxembourg tax deals " "BRUSSELS Amazon's tax arrangements with Luxembourg are being investigated by EU regulators  as the online retailer becomes the latest global company to be accused of striking tax-minimising deals with member states that may break bloc rules."
"RPT-UPDATE 2-EU watchdog targets Amazon's Luxembourg tax deals " "BRUSSELS  Oct 7 Amazon's tax arrangements with Luxembourg are being investigated by EU regulators  as the online retailer becomes the latest global company to be accused of striking tax-minimising deals with member states that may break bloc rules."
"UPDATE 1-U.S. Supreme Court weighs employee pay for security checks " "NEW YORK  Oct 7 The U.S. Supreme Court will hear arguments on Wednesday on whether companies have to pay workers for time spent undergoing security checks  in a case challenging how hourly employees are compensated for tasks outside the regular work shift."
"EU watchdog targets Amazon's Luxembourg tax deals " "BRUSSELS Amazon's tax arrangements with Luxembourg are being investigated by EU regulators  as the online retailer becomes the latest global company to be accused of striking tax-minimising deals with member states that may break bloc rules. | Video "
"Supreme Court weighs worker pay for security checks " "WASHINGTON The U.S. Supreme Court appeared divided on Wednesday over whether companies must pay workers for time spent undergoing security checks at the end of their shifts in a case involving an Amazon.com Inc warehousing contractor."
"UPDATE 1-U.S. Supreme Court weighs worker pay for security checks " "(Adds details from oral argument  context  paragraphs 3-9  11)"
"U.S. top court weighs worker pay for security checks " "WASHINGTON  Oct 8 The U.S. Supreme Court appeared divided on Wednesday over whether companies must pay workers for time spent undergoing security checks at the end of their shifts in a case involving an Amazon.com Inc  contractor."
"Amazon Renews 'Transparent' for Season 2 " "LOS ANGELES (Variety.com) - Amazon Studios has ordered a second season of Jill Soloway's dark comedy ""Transparent "" with the company saying the freshman run has been No. 1 on Prime Instant Video since its launch two weeks ago."
"Amazon set to open first physical store - WSJ " "Oct 9 Online retailer Amazon.com Inc  plans to open its first physical store in midtown Manhattan  the Wall Street Journal reported  citing people familiar with the matter."
"Online retailer Amazon set to open a physical store: WSJ " "Amazon.com Inc   the online juggernaut whose rapid expansion helped derail many a brick-and-mortar retail chain  may soon open its first physical store  at a prime site in Midtown Manhattan  according to The Wall Street Journal."
"UPDATE 1-Online retailer Amazon set to open a physical store -WSJ " "(Adds details about expected plans and background on Amazon's broader strategy)"
"INDIA PRESS-Amazon in talks to acquire Jabong - Economic Times " "Note: Reuters has not verified this story and does not vouch for its accuracy.   (Compiled by Derek Francis in Bangalore)"
"INDIA PRESS-Karnataka offers e-commerce giant Amazon a month for tax call - Economic Times " "Note: Reuters has not verified this story and does not vouch for its accuracy.   (Compiled by Derek Francis in Bangalore)"
"Self-publishing never easier but money  glory scarce " "FRANKFURT For any author frustrated by rejections from publishing houses or wanting to cut out the middle man  there has never been an easier or cheaper time to self-publish."
"Google expands shopping delivery service in U.S. " "Google Inc said it would expand its same-day shopping delivery service to three new U.S. cities and start charging customers for the service  which competes with Amazon.com Inc."
"Google expands shopping delivery service in U.S. " "Oct 14 Google Inc said it would expand its same-day shopping delivery service to three new U.S. cities and start charging customers for the service  which competes with Amazon.com Inc."
"BUZZ-Time Warner  Netflix  Amazon: HBO's new online streaming service " "** Media company Time Warner Inc's shares up 2.5 pct at $72.41 in afternoon trading"
"Connect bags Amazon for same-day parcel delivery " "Connect Group Plc unveiled e-commerce giant Amazon.com Inc as its first customer for a new same-day parcel delivery service in the UK  sending its shares up more than 18 percent."
"UPDATE 2-Connect bags Amazon for same-day parcel delivery " "* Service to bring in 5-10 mln stg in profit in next 3 years"
"eBay  Wal-Mart warnings stir holiday sales concerns " "SAN FRANCISCO EBay Inc  on Wednesday joined Wal-Mart Stores Inc  in cutting its outlook for the all-important holiday season  suggesting that the fourth quarter may turn out to be weaker than some analysts predicted as recently as last week."
"EBay  Wal-Mart warnings stir holiday sales concerns " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 15 EBay Inc on Wednesday joined Wal-Mart Stores Inc in cutting its outlook for the all-important holiday season  suggesting that the fourth quarter may turn out to be weaker than some analysts predicted as recently as last week."
"UPDATE 3-Netflix's U.S. growth slows  shares plunge " "Oct 15 Netflix Inc signed up fewer video streaming subscribers than forecast for the quarter that ended in September as its U.S. growth slowed markedly  sending its shares plunging as much as 27 percent."
"Amazon expands grocery delivery service to Brooklyn " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc is expanding its online grocery delivery program to Brooklyn's well-heeled Park Slope neighborhood on Friday  giving the No. 1 U.S. online retailer a foothold in one of the wealthiest and densest markets in the United States."
"Amazon expands grocery delivery service to Brooklyn " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 16 Amazon.com Inc is expanding its online grocery delivery program to Brooklyn's well-heeled Park Slope neighborhood on Friday  giving the No. 1 U.S. online retailer a foothold in one of the wealthiest and densest markets in the United States."
"Amazon signs multi-year deal with Simon & Schuster: Business Insider " "Amazon.com Inc  signed a multi-year deal with Simon & Schuster Inc  the second major Big Five book publisher it has been negotiating with on the price of e-books  Business Insider reported  citing a source with knowledge of the situation."
"Amazon signs multi-year deal with Simon & Schuster - Business Insider " "Oct 20 Amazon.com Inc signed a multi-year deal with Simon & Schuster Inc  the second major Big Five book publisher it has been negotiating with on the price of e-books  Business Insider reported  citing a source with knowledge of the situation."
"Amazon strikes deal with Simon & Schuster on e-book prices " "Online book retailer Amazon.com Inc  said on Monday it has signed a multi-year deal with Simon & Schuster Inc  the second Big-Five book publisher  on the future price of e-books."
"Brazil protects giant swathe of Amazon rainforest " "SAO PAULO  Oct 21 The Brazilian government said on Tuesday it has put an environmentally rich area of the Amazon rainforest under federal protection  creating a reserve larger than the U.S. state of Delaware."
"Brazil protects giant swathe of Amazon rainforest " "SAO PAULO The Brazilian government said on Tuesday it has put an environmentally rich area of the Amazon rainforest under federal protection  creating a reserve larger than the U.S. state of Delaware."
"INDIA PRESS-Publishers to explore legal action against Flipkart  Amazon - Economic Times " "Note: Reuters has not verified this story and does not vouch for its accuracy.   (Compiled by Derek Francis in Bangalore)"
"UPDATE 1-Amazon says strikes deal with Simon & Schuster on e-book prices " "Oct 20 Online book retailer Amazon.com Inc  said on Monday it has signed a multiyear deal with Simon & Schuster Inc  the second Big-Five book publisher  on the future price of e-books."
"INDIA PRESS-Amazon got relief from Karnataka taxmen on US intervention - Economic Times " "Note: Reuters has not verified this story and does not vouch for its accuracy.   (Compiled by Derek Francis in Bangalore)"
"Amazon holiday quarter sales forecasts disappoint  shares slide " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 23 Amazon.com Inc's  sales projections for the crucial holiday quarter disappointed and third-quarter results missed Wall Street's targets  sending the online retailer's shares 7 percent lower."
"Amazon says stronger dollar to clip Q4 growth by 2.5 percentage points " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 23 Amazon.com Inc's  Chief Financial Officer Tom Szkutak estimated on Thursday that the strengthening dollar will curtail its holiday quarter revenue growth by 2.5 percentage points."
"Amazon's holiday-quarter forecast disappoints  shares dive " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc's  sales projections for the crucial holiday quarter disappointed Wall Street and third-quarter results missed forecasts  sending the online retailer's shares 9 percent lower on Thursday. | Video "
"Amazon took $170 million charge in Q3 on phone inventory  supplier costs " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc took a $170 million writedown in the third-quarter largely related to its unsold stockpile of Fire smart phones as well as supplier commitment costs  Chief Financial Officer Tom Szkutak said on Thursday."
"Amazon took $170 mln charge in Q3 on phone inventory  supplier costs " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 23 Amazon.com Inc took a $170 million writedown in the third-quarter largely related to its unsold stockpile of Fire smart phones as well as supplier commitment costs  Chief Financial Officer Tom Szkutak said on Thursday."
"UPDATE 3-Amazon's holiday-quarter forecast disappoints  shares dive " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 23 Amazon.com Inc's  sales projections for the crucial holiday quarter disappointed Wall Street and third-quarter results missed forecasts  sending the online retailer's shares 9 percent lower on Thursday."
"UPS  FedEx seek ways to manage massive peak season package bulge " "CHICAGO Determined not to repeat a holiday season that left millions of packages delivered too late and customers seething  United Parcel Service Inc  and FedEx Corp  are investing heavily in new infrastructure - but the continued dynamic growth of e-commerce will test those efforts."
"UPS  FedEx seek ways to manage massive peak season package bulge " "CHICAGO  Oct 23 Determined not to repeat a holiday season that left millions of packages delivered too late and customers seething  United Parcel Service Inc and FedEx Corp are investing heavily in new infrastructure - but the continued dynamic growth of e-commerce will test those efforts."
"US STOCKS-Wall St gains on industrial earnings but ends off highs " "NEW YORK  Oct 23 Earnings from Caterpillar and 3M drove Wall Street higher on Thursday but stocks pared gains in late trading after reports that a New York hospital was running Ebola tests on a healthcare worker."
"Amazon's holiday-quarter forecast disappoints  shares dive " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc's  sales projections for the crucial holiday quarter disappointed Wall Street and third-quarter results missed forecasts  sending the online retailer's shares 9 percent lower on Thursday. | Video "
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall St opens flat as Microsoft offsets Amazon " "NEW YORK  Oct 24 U.S. stocks opened flat on Friday  as disappointing earnings from Amazon were offset by gains in Microsoft after its quarterly results."
"US STOCKS-Wall St boosted by earnings; on track for best week of year " "* Indexes: Dow up 0.43 pct  S&P off 0.32 pct  Nasdaq up 0.21 pct   (Updates to afternoon trading)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St boosted by earnings; on track for best week of year " "* Indexes: Dow up 0.7 pct  S&P UP 0.6 pct  Nasdaq up 0.4 pct   (Updates pricesd)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St boosted by earnings  S&P posts best week in nearly two years " "* Indexes all rise: Dow 0.76 percent  S&P 0.71 percent  Nasdaq 0.69 percent   (Updates with close  new quote)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St climbs on Procter & Gamble  Microsoft " "* Indexes: Dow up 0.36 pct  S&P off 0.34 pct  Nasdaq up 0.32 pct   (Updates to late morning  adds earnings data)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St little changed as Microsoft offsets Amazon " "* Indexes: Dow up 0.04 pct  S&P off 0.03 pct  Nasdaq up 0.04 pct   (Adds data  updates prices)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St rises on earnings; on track to snap 4-week drop " "* Indexes: Dow up 0.65 pct  S&P off 0.6 pct  Nasdaq up 0.49 pct   (Updates to midday)"
"Wall St. boosted by earnings  S&P posts best week in nearly two years " "NEW YORK U.S. stocks closed out their best week in nearly two years on Friday  helped by earnings from Microsoft and Procter & Gamble and as concerns eased over the possible spread of Ebola in the United States. | Video "
"Wall St. finally turning on Amazon as Bezos magic fades " "SAN FRANCISCO/BOSTON Amazon.com Inc's  once fairy-tale ride on Wall Street has hit its most jarring bump yet."
"Deals of the day- Mergers and acquisitions " "(Adds Amazon  Hess  Dolby Laboratories  Numericable; updates Chiquita Brands  Valeant Pharmaceuticals  GE Capital  BHP Billiton)"
"Exclusive: Amazon buys comedy service Rooftop Media to expand digital content " "NEW YORK Amazon.com Inc  is buying online comedy service Rooftop Media  a small deal that underscores the Internet retailer's broader ambition of becoming a media and entertainment powerhouse."
"German Amazon workers called to strike in pay dispute " "FRANKFURT Labor union Verdi has called on workers at online retailer Amazon  to go on strike at five locations across Germany  as a row over pay and conditions continues."
"German Amazon workers called to strike in pay dispute " "FRANKFURT  Oct 27 Labour union Verdi has called on workers at online retailer Amazon to go on strike at five locations across Germany  as a row over pay and conditions continues."
"INDIA PRESS-Amazon to buy first Indian start-up QwikCilver Solutions - Economic Times " "Note: Reuters has not verified this story and does not vouch for its accuracy.   (Compiled by Derek Francis in Bangalore)"
"UPDATE 1-Protesters occupy small airport near oil block in Peru's Amazon " "(Adds response from company  changes first sentence to reflect that airport is inside of oil concession)"
"Elementary  my dear Watson: U.S. court rejects Sherlock Holmes dispute " "WASHINGTON  Nov 3The case of the disputed Sherlock Holmes copyright is hereby closed after the U.S. Supreme Court on Monday left intact a ruling that said 50 works featuring the famed fictional detective are in the public domain."
"Elementary  my dear Watson: U.S. court rejects Sherlock Holmes dispute " "WASHINGTON The case of the disputed Sherlock Holmes copyright is hereby closed after the U.S. Supreme Court on Monday left intact a ruling that said 50 works featuring the famed fictional detective are in the public domain."
"With big album on sale  Taylor Swift pulls music from Spotify " "LOS ANGELES  Nov 3 Singer Taylor Swift  whose new album is likely to have the biggest opening week of sales in a dozen years  on Monday pulled her entire catalog from online music streaming service Spotify."
"Amazon tries out taxi deliveries in California cities  WSJ reports " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc is testing deliveries via taxis in San Francisco and Los Angeles  according to the Wall Street Journal  as the Internet retailer explores alternative modes of delivery to speed up shipments while restraining cost."
"Amazon tries out taxi deliveries in California cities  WSJ reports " "SAN FRANCISCO  Nov 5 Amazon.com Inc is testing deliveries via taxis in San Francisco and Los Angeles  according to the Wall Street Journal  as the Internet retailer explores alternative modes of delivery to speed up shipments while restraining cost."
"Big companies disclose too little on operations abroad: watchdog " "BERLIN The world's biggest companies disclose little or no financial details about their operations abroad  according to a report by Transparency International  which singled out Chinese companies but pointed to U.S. tech giants like Amazon  and Google  as well."
"UPDATE 1-Big companies disclose too little on operations abroad -watchdog " "* Many Chinese firms fare badly: Transparency International"
"Amazon launches a speaker you can talk to " "Do you want to talk to your speaker? Amazon.com Inc  has launched ""Amazon Echo""  a speaker you leave on all day and give it voice directions  like Siri on an Apple Inc  iPhone."
"Amazon launches a speaker you can talk to " "Nov 6 Do you want to talk to your speaker? Amazon.com Inc has launched ""Amazon Echo""  a speaker you leave on all day and give it voice directions  like Siri on an Apple Inc iPhone."
"MEDIA-Amazon preparing for big push into fashion retail - Mint " "- Note: Reuters has not verified this story and does not vouch for its accuracy"
"STXNEWS LATAM-Vale says gets environmental license for Amazon mine " "Brazil's Vale SA said on Thursday it had received an environmental license to expand a cave located at its flagship Carajas project in the Amazon  helping it meet its 2015 and 2016 iron ore production targets."
"'Everything I Never Told You' is Amazon's book of the year " "NEW YORK ""Everything I Never Told You "" the debut novel by author Celeste Ng about a teenage girl growing up in a mixed race family in the American Midwest in the 1970s  was named Amazon's best book of 2014 on Saturday."
"'Everything I Never Told You' is Amazon's book of the year " "NEW YORK  Nov 8 ""Everything I Never Told You "" the debut novel by author Celeste Ng about a teenage girl growing up in a mixed race family in the American Midwest in the 1970s  was named Amazon's best book of 2014 on Saturday."
"Amazon to keep investing in cloud despite margin pressure " "LAS VEGAS Amazon.com Inc plans to build data centers in every large country over time as part of a broader investment push that will eventually make the Internet retailer's cloud computing arm the largest part of its business."
"Amazon to keep investing in cloud services despite margin pressure " "LAS VEGAS  Nov 12 Amazon.com Inc  believes Amazon Web Services  its cloud computing service  has the potential to become its biggest business over the long term  a senior executive said on Wednesday."
"UPDATE 2-Amazon to keep investing in cloud despite margin pressure " "LAS VEGAS  Nov 12 Amazon.com Inc plans to build data centers in every large country over time as part of a broader investment push that will eventually make the Internet retailer's cloud computing arm the largest part of its business."
"Elementary  my dear Watson: U.S. court rejects Sherlock Holmes dispute " "WASHINGTON The case of the disputed Sherlock Holmes copyright is hereby closed after the U.S. Supreme Court on Monday left intact a ruling that said 50 works featuring the famed fictional detective are in the public domain."
"Hachette and Amazon reach agreement for eBook sales " "Nov 13 Hachette Book Group and Amazon.com Inc  said on Thursday they reached a multi-year agreement for eBook and print book sales after months of acrimonious fighting pitting authors  agents and publishers against the world's largest online retail store."
"Hachette and Amazon reach agreement on e-book sales " "Hachette Book Group and Amazon.com Inc said on Thursday they reached a multi-year agreement for e-book and print book sales after months of bitter fighting that pitted writers and publishers against the world's largest online retail store."
"UPDATE 2-Hachette and Amazon reach agreement on e-book sales " "Nov 13 Hachette Book Group and Amazon.com Inc  said on Thursday they reached a multi-year agreement for e-book and print book sales after months of bitter fighting that pitted writers and publishers against the world's largest online retail store."
"Wal-Mart told store managers to match online prices with Amazon " "Nov 13 Wal-Mart Stores Inc has informed managers of its roughly 5 000 stores across the United States that they can match prices with Amazon.com Inc and other online retailers  the head of the company's U.S. business said on Thursday."
"Wal-Mart told store managers to match online prices with Amazon " "Wal-Mart Stores Inc  has informed managers of its roughly 5 000 stores across the United States that they can match prices with Amazon.com Inc  and other online retailers  the head of the company's U.S. business said on Thursday."
"BRIEF-MNI SA signs agreement with Com. Investment on share buyback " "* Says signed agreement with Com. Investment Sp. z o.o. on share buyback"
"Amazon delivers blow to UK Royal Mail growth prospects " "LONDON Online retail giant Amazon's own delivery service will more than halve the growth potential for Royal Mail's parcels business  the former state-owned British company said on Wednesday  sending its shares lower."
"ProSiebenSat.1 says could sell a stake in Maxdome streaming service " "BARCELONA German broadcaster ProSiebenSat.1  does not rule out a partnership for its fast-growing online video streaming service Maxdome  which competes with Amazon and Netflix in the nascent market  a senior executive at the firm said on Wednesday."
"ProSiebenSat.1 says could sell a stake in Maxdome streaming service " "BARCELONA  Nov 19 German broadcaster ProSiebenSat.1 does not rule out a partnership for its fast-growing online video streaming service Maxdome  which competes with Amazon and Netflix in the nascent market  a senior executive at the firm said on Wednesday."
"UPDATE 2-Amazon delivers blow to UK Royal Mail growth prospects " "* Shares fall more than 8 percent   (Writes through  adds comments  shares)"
"Amazon plans ad-supported video streaming service - NY post " "Nov 21 Online retailer Amazon.com Inc  will release a new ad-supported video streaming service early next year  the New York Post reported  citing sources."
"Amazon plans ad-supported video streaming service: NY post " "Online retailer Amazon.com Inc will release a new ad-supported video streaming service early next year  the New York Post reported  citing sources."
"Brazil soy moratorium extended to protect Amazon forest " "BRASILIA  Nov 25 Brazil extended on Tuesday a moratorium on buying soy grown in illegally cleared land in the Amazon rainforest as the government tries to protect the region  Environment Minister Izabella Teixeira said."
"Germany's Douglas mandates bank to sell book store chain - sources " "FRANKFURT German retailer Douglas has mandated investment bank Macquarie to organize the sale of its Thalia book stores division  which is facing stiff competition from Amazon  according to two people familiar with the deal."
"Germany's Douglas mandates bank to sell book store chain - sources " "FRANKFURT  Nov 26 German retailer Douglas has mandated investment bank Macquarie to organise the sale of its Thalia book stores division  which is facing stiff competition from Amazon  according to two people familiar with the deal."
"Will in-store pick-up of online sales pay off for retailers? " "CHICAGO  Nov 28     Brick-and-mortar merchants are seeking an edge over Amazon.com Inc and other e-tailers this holiday season by encouraging customers to pick up online orders at their local store. But the tactic could raise costs - and create problems managing inventory  retail analysts and consultants said."
"Amazon rolls out Kiva robots for holiday season onslaught " "TRACY  Calif Amazon.com Inc has installed more than 15 000 robots across 10 U.S. warehouses  a move that promises to cut operating costs by one-fifth and get packages out the door more quickly in the run-up to Christmas."
"Amazon rolls out Kiva robots for holiday season onslaught " "TRACY  Calif. Dec 1 Amazon.com Inc has installed more than 15 000 robots across 10 U.S. warehouses  a move that promises to cut operating costs by one-fifth and get packages out the door more quickly in the run-up to Christmas."
"Amazon songbirds compete in Guyana 'races' " "SCHOONORD  Guyana As the sun rises over the Demerara River  a half dozen men gather on its west bank  tightly gripping small wooden cages."
"Europe's postal firms under fire as Amazon expands deliveries " "LONDON Europe's postal firms need to slash costs and invest in new technology and services if they are to withstand the challenge of new entrants such as U.S. online retailer Amazon in the lucrative parcel delivery market."
"Europe's postal firms under fire as Amazon expands deliveries " "* Postal firms focus on cutting costs  improving technology"
"Amazon songbirds compete in Guyana 'races' " "SCHOONORD  Guyana As the sun rises over the Demerara River  a half dozen men gather on its west bank  tightly gripping small wooden cages."
"Bezos defends Amazon's lack of profits  stance on publishers " "NEW YORK Dec 2 Jeff Bezos  the chief executive of Amazon.com Inc  was unapologetic about his twenty-year-old company's lack of profit during a rare public appearance on Tuesday  noting he spends just six hours a year on investor relations."
"Bezos defends Amazon's lack of profits  stance on publishers " "NEW YORK Jeff Bezos  the chief executive of Amazon.com Inc  was unapologetic about his twenty-year-old company's lack of profit during a rare public appearance on Tuesday  noting he spends just six hours a year on investor relations."
"Bezos defends Amazon's lack of profits  stance on publishers " "NEW YORK Jeff Bezos  the chief executive of Amazon.com Inc   was unapologetic about his twenty-year-old company's lack of profit during a rare public appearance on Tuesday  noting he spends just six hours a year on investor relations."
"Ignoring indigenous rights in Amazon fuels global warming: study " "ROME (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - More than half the carbon in the Amazon region could be released into the atmosphere unless indigenous land rights are  protected  a new study said on Tuesday  as a UN climate conference got under way in Peru."
"The investing problem of abundance: James Saft " "It is the season of abundance  but sometimes abundance is the last thing financial markets need."
"TREASURIES-Prices sag as Wall St rallies  corporate debt deals drag " "* 30-year bond yield tops 3 percent   (Adds Wall St rally  Amazon details and quotes)"
"TREASURIES-Prices stung by corporate deals  30-year yield tops 3 pct " "NEW YORK  Dec 2 U.S. Treasuries fell on Tuesday  with prices pressured by institutional investors readying for a big corporate bond deal by leading retailer Amazon."
"Britain targets multinationals that try to dodge taxes " "LONDON Britain plans to introduce a tax to target multinationals such as Google Inc  and Amazon Inc  accused of using complex accounting schemes to cut their payments on earnings in the country."
"Britain targets multinationals with 'Diverted Profits Tax' " "LONDON  Dec 3 Britain said it would introduce a 25 percent tax on profits generated by multinationals  including major tech companies such as Google and Amazon   that use complex schemes to avoid tax by moving earnings out of the country."
"Peru says deforestation on the rise  up 80 pct from 2001 " "LIMA  Dec 2 Destruction of the Peruvian Amazon is rising after expanding over more than 145 000 hectares (560 square miles) last year - an 80 percent jump from the start of the century  the government said on Tuesday."
"Peru says deforestation on the rise  up 80 percent from 2001 " "LIMA Destruction of the Peruvian Amazon is rising after expanding over more than 145 000 hectares (560 square miles) last year - an 80 percent jump from the start of the century  the government said on Tuesday."
"UPDATE 3-Britain targets multinationals that try to dodge taxes " "* Expects to raise more than 1 bln stg over five years   (Adds Breakingviews link)"
"Amazon own label underscores strength of online grocery shopping " "LONDON Amazon.com's launch of its own private label brand of consumer goods  starting with diapers and baby wipes  underscores the website's maturity as a grocery retailer and the migration of grocery shopping online."
"Amazon own label underscores strength of online grocery shopping " "LONDON  Dec 5 Amazon.com's launch of its own private label brand of consumer goods  starting with diapers and baby wipes  underscores the website's maturity as a grocery retailer and the migration of grocery shopping online."
"PRESS DIGEST - Wall Street Journal - Dec 5 " "Dec 5 The following are the top stories in the Wall Street Journal. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy."
"Amazon Indians report more death threats after activists slain " "LIMA/SAO PAULO (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Indians on the Peru-Brazil border say they continue to receive death threats from loggers after the murder of four local chiefs in a remote forest region overrun by illegal felling."
"Amazon to use bike messengers for one-hour delivery in New York City-WSJ " "Dec 8 E-commerce giant Amazon.com Inc  plans to experiment with bike messengers to offer deliveries in New York City within an hour  the Wall Street Journal reported  citing a source familiar with the matter."
"Amazon to use bike messengers for one-hour delivery in New York City: WSJ " "E-commerce giant Amazon.com Inc  plans to experiment with bike messengers to offer deliveries in New York City within an hour  the Wall Street Journal reported  citing a source familiar with the matter."
"German union launches new strike at Amazon warehouses " "BERLIN Workers at two of Amazon.com's  German warehouses went on strike on Monday as labor union Verdi sought to squeeze the online retailer in the busy pre-Christmas period in a long-running dispute over pay and conditions."
"Amazon adds bidding option to site for fine art  collectibles " "Amazon.com Inc added a new feature to its website on Tuesday that allows customers to bid for lower prices on more than 150 000 items  including fine art and rare coins  sold by third-party vendors."
"REFILE-Amazon adds bidding option to site for fine art  collectibles " "Dec 9 Amazon.com Inc added a new feature to its website on Tuesday that allows customers to bid for lower prices on more than 150 000 items  including fine art and rare coins  sold by third-party vendors."
"UPDATE 3-U.S. top court rejects worker pay for security-screening time " "(Adds reaction from plaintiffs' lawyer and Amazon  paragraphs 4-5)"
"U.S. top court rejects worker pay for security-screening time " "WASHINGTON The U.S. Supreme Court on Tuesday handed a victory to employers over worker compensation  ruling that companies do not have to pay employees for the time they spend undergoing security checks at the end of their shifts in a case involving an Amazon.com Inc warehousing contractor."
"U.S. top court rejects worker pay for security-screening time " "WASHINGTON The U.S. Supreme Court on Tuesday handed a victory to employers over worker compensation  ruling that companies do not have to pay employees for the time they spend undergoing security checks at the end of their shifts in a case involving an Amazon.com Inc warehousing contractor."
"ABC Family Orders Transgender Docu-Series 'My Transparent Life' " "LOS ANGELES (Variety.com) - ABC Family has ordered a docu-series that sounds like an unscripted counterpart to the Amazon comedy ""Transparent "" which just grabbed a Golden Globe nom for best comedy series."
"Amazon job posts hint at global ambitions for same-day delivery " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc is considering expanding its same-day delivery program globally  recent job listings show  underlining the importance of fast shipping to its ability to compete with the instant gratification offered by brick-and-mortar stores."
"Amazon job posts hint at global ambitions for same-day delivery " "SAN FRANCISCO  Dec 11 Amazon.com Inc is considering expanding its same-day delivery program globally  recent job listings show  underlining the importance of fast shipping to its ability to compete with the instant gratification offered by brick-and-mortar stores."
"Starboard wants Staples  Office Depot to merge: CNBC " "Activist investor Starboard Value wants to merge office-supply chains Staples Inc  and Office Depot Inc   CNBC reported  citing people familiar with the matter."
"German union calls new strike at Amazon warehouses " "FRANKFURT  Dec 12 German union Verdi has called a fresh three-day strike at five Amazon warehouses  increasing pressure on the online retailer during the busy pre-Christmas period in a long-running dispute over pay and conditions."
"German union calls new strike at Amazon warehouses " "FRANKFURT German union Verdi has called a fresh three-day strike at five Amazon warehouses  increasing pressure on the online retailer during the busy pre-Christmas period in a long-running dispute over pay and conditions."
"Amazon workers strike in Germany as Christmas orders peak " "BERLIN  Dec 15 Workers at Amazon  warehouses in Germany started a fresh three-day strike on Monday to press their demands for better pay and conditions as the online retailer races to ensure Christmas orders are delivered on time."
"Amazon workers strike in Germany as Christmas orders peak " "BERLIN More than 2 000 Amazon staff at German warehouses went on strike on Monday to press demands for better pay and conditions as the online retailer races to ensure Christmas orders are delivered on time. | Video "
"Diverse allies rally for Microsoft in overseas data fight " "NEW YORK/SEATTLE Corporate lobbyists  news organizations and academics joined forces with Microsoft Corp on Monday in the software company's legal battle with the U.S. government over access to customer data stored overseas."
"Seattle police investigate threatening letter at Amazon headquarters " "SEATTLE Seattle police are searching for explosives at Amazon.com's headquarters after a threatening letter was found at one of the company's buildings just north of the city's downtown district  authorities said on Monday."
"Seattle police investigating threat close to Amazon.com HQ " "SEATTLE  Dec 15 Seattle police said on Monday they are investigating an unspecified threat close to Amazon.com's headquarters in the South Lake Union neighborhood of the city."
"Tech companies support Microsoft in overseas data fight with U.S. " "NEW YORK/SEATTLE Corporate lobbyists  news organizations and academics joined forces with Microsoft Corp  on Monday in the software company's legal battle with the U.S. government over access to customer data stored overseas."
"Tech companies support Microsoft in overseas data fight with U.S. " "SEATTLE  Dec 15 Technology companies Apple Inc   Amazon.com Inc   AT&T Inc and more than 20 others are supporting Microsoft Corp in the software company's legal battle with the U.S. government over access to customer data stored overseas."
"UPDATE 2-Amazon workers strike in Germany as Christmas orders peak " "* Union says almost 2 300 workers join strike   (Updates figures  adds strike at sixth warehouse)"
"UPDATE 3-Seattle police find no explosives after Amazon HQ threat " "SEATTLE  Dec 15 Seattle police searched for explosives at Amazon.com's headquarters after a threatening letter was found at a company building just north of the city's downtown district  but found nothing  authorities said on Monday."
"Seattle police find no explosives after Amazon HQ threat " "SEATTLE Seattle police searched for explosives at Amazon.com's headquarters after a threatening letter was found at a company building just north of the city's downtown district  but found nothing  authorities said on Monday."
"Amazon workers in Germany extend strike " "BERLIN Amazon staff at German warehouses extended a strike on Wednesday in a long-running dispute over better pay and conditions  but the online retailer promised it would be able to deliver Christmas orders on time."
"Amazon workers in Germany extend strike " "* Union says more than 2 600 workers on strike on Wednesday"
"Stores fight back as Christmas delivery delays hit e-tailers " "BERLIN/PARIS  Dec 18 The Christmas rush is exposing the limitations of internet-only retailers as surging orders cause delivery delays  allowing Europe's shops to fight back with ""click and collect"" services and more in-store theatre."
"Amazon's cloud business a harder sell in post-Snowden era " "SAN FRANCISCO/SEATTLE This spring  Taser International Inc won a small but high-profile contract to supply body cameras to the London police. But the deal nearly collapsed over one issue: where the video footage would be stored."
"Amazon staff in Germany extend strike to Christmas Eve " "FRANKFURT Amazon staff at three German warehouses will extend their strike until Christmas Eve to increase pressure on the online retailer in a long-running dispute over pay and conditions  labor union Verdi said on Friday."
"Amazon staff in Germany extend strike to Christmas Eve " "FRANKFURT  Dec 19 Amazon staff at three German warehouses will extend their strike until Christmas Eve to increase pressure on the online retailer in a long-running dispute over pay and conditions  labour union Verdi said on Friday."
"INSIGHT-Amazon's cloud business a harder sell in post-Snowden era " "SAN FRANCISCO/SEATTLE  Dec 18 This spring  Taser International Inc won a small but high-profile contract to supply body cameras to the London police. But the deal nearly collapsed over one issue: where the video footage would be stored."
"RPT-INSIGHT-Amazon's cloud business a harder sell in post-Snowden era " "SAN FRANCISCO/SEATTLE  Dec 19 This spring  Taser International Inc won a small but high-profile contract to supply body cameras to the London police. But the deal nearly collapsed over one issue: where the video footage would be stored."
"Flipkart raises $700 million in fresh funding " "MUMBAI  Dec 20 Flipkart  India's largest online retailer  on Saturday said it had raised funding worth $700 million  as it tries to compete with Amazon  which is rapidly scaling up operations in the country."
"Flipkart raises $700 million in fresh funding " "MUMBAI Flipkart  India's largest online retailer  on Saturday said it had raised funding worth $700 million  as it tries to compete with Amazon  which is rapidly scaling up operations in the country."
"U.S. retailers likely to just meet holiday sales forecasts -experts " "CHICAGO  Dec 24 U.S. consumers have not turned out in force for the final shopping days before Christmas  suggesting that traditional retailers will just meet industry sales forecasts in a season marked by deep discounts and growing encroachment from online rivals led by Amazon.com Inc."
"U.S. retailers likely to just meet holiday sales forecasts: experts " "CHICAGO U.S. consumers have not turned out in force for the final shopping days before Christmas  suggesting that traditional retailers will just meet industry sales forecasts in a season marked by deep discounts and growing encroachment from online rivals led by Amazon.com Inc ."
"RPT-U.S. retailers likely to just meet holiday sales forecasts -experts " "CHICAGO  Dec 24 U.S. consumers have not turned out in force for the final shopping days before Christmas  suggesting that traditional retailers will just meet industry sales forecasts in a season marked by deep discounts and growing encroachment from online rivals led by Amazon.com Inc."
"YouTube's release of ""The Interview"" a chance to show off paid video chops " "SAN FRANCISCO  Dec 24 Google Inc's  decision to screen Sony Pictures' film ""The Interview"" may help legitimize its YouTube platform as a serious rival to paid video streaming services  Netflix  and Amazon.com Inc ."
"YouTube's release of 'The Interview' a chance to show off paid video chops " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc's decision to screen Sony Pictures' film ""The Interview"" may help legitimize its YouTube platform as a serious rival to paid video streaming services  Netflix  and Amazon.com Inc."
"Amazon draws 10 million new Prime members over holidays " "Amazon.com Inc said on Friday it drew more than 10 million new members to its Prime shipping and digital content service over the holidays and intends to offer one-hour shipping to more cities in 2015."
"Amazon says 10 mln new members try Prime this holiday season " "Dec 26 Amazon.com Inc said more than 10 million new members worldwide tried its Prime subscription service for the first time during the current holiday season."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon draws 10 million new Prime members over holidays " "Dec 26 Amazon.com Inc said on Friday it drew more than 10 million new members to its Prime shipping and digital content service over the holidays and intends to offer one-hour shipping to more cities in 2015."
"Fundraising site Kickstarter drops Amazon for payments " "SAN FRANCISCO Crowdsourced fundraising site Kickstarter has dropped Amazon.com Inc as its global payments processor in favor of  Stripe  the fast-growing startup used by Twitter Inc  Facebook Inc and Apple Inc."
"Fundraising site Kickstarter drops Amazon for payments " "SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 6 Crowdsourced fundraising site Kickstarter has dropped Amazon.com Inc as its global payments processor in favor of  Stripe  the fast-growing startup used by Twitter Inc  Facebook Inc and Apple Inc."
"Amazon's data center catches fire - Carolina's emergency network " "Jan 9 An under-construction data center of Amazon.com Inc in Loudoun County  Virginia  caught fire early on Friday  according to The Carolina's Emergency Incident Notification Network's page on Twitter. (http://bit.ly/14ajPKN)"
"Fire extinguished at Amazon data center under construction " "A fire on Friday at an Amazon.com Inc data center under construction in Virginia was quickly extinguished and all workers at the site left safely  the company and county officials said."
"Amazon's path to TV success takes cues from old school Hollywood " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon prides itself on being a company that breaks the rules  but its recent success in Hollywood also reflects an embrace of a more traditional  old-fashioned script."
"Amazon's path to TV success takes cues from old school Hollywood " "SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 9 Amazon prides itself on being a company that breaks the rules  but its recent success in Hollywood also reflects an embrace of a more traditional  old-fashioned script."
"Amazon's Golden Globes give it new credibility in Hollywood " "SAN FRANCISCO/LOS ANGELES Amazon.com Inc's success at Sunday's Golden Globe Awards may help it win over two key audiences: Hollywood’s A-list talent and the shopping customers the retailer wants to join its Prime membership program."
"Amazon's Golden Globes give it new credibility in Hollywood " "SAN FRANCISCO/LOS ANGELES  Jan 12 Amazon.com Inc's success at Sunday's Golden Globe Awards may help it win over two key audiences: Hollywood's A-list talent and the shopping customers the retailer wants to join its Prime membership program."
"New shows 'Transparent'  'The Affair' take top TV Golden Globes " "BEVERLY HILLS  Calif.  Jan 11 Two fresh new series  Showtime's ""The Affair"" and Amazon's ""Transparent "" were catapulted into the spotlight on Sunday at Hollywood's Golden Globe awards  taking home the night's honors for best television drama and comedy."
"New shows 'Transparent'  'The Affair' take top TV Golden Globes " "BEVERLY HILLS  Calif. Two fresh new series  Showtime's ""The Affair"" and Amazon's ""Transparent "" were catapulted into the spotlight on Sunday at Hollywood's Golden Globe awards  taking home the night's honors for best television drama and comedy."
"After awards coup  Amazon lands Woody Allen for TV series " "LOS ANGELES/SAN FRANCISCO Woody Allen will make his first foray onto the small screen  writing and directing an online series for Amazon.com  the latest coup by deep-pocketed cable and streaming companies in luring the biggest names in film to television."
"Amazon creates 6 000 new permanent jobs in Europe " "BERLIN Amazon.com Inc created 6 000 new full-time positions in Europe in 2014 to respond to booming demand  the U.S. online retailer said on Tuesday."
"Amazon creates 6 000 new permanent jobs in Europe " "BERLIN  Jan 13 Amazon.com Inc created 6 000 new full-time positions in Europe in 2014 to respond to booming demand  the U.S. online retailer said on Tuesday."
"Amazon's Golden Globes give it new credibility in Hollywood " "SAN FRANCISCO/LOS ANGELES  Jan 12 Amazon.com Inc's success at Sunday's Golden Globe Awards may help it win over two key audiences: Hollywood's A-list talent and the shopping customers the retailer wants to join its Prime membership program."
"Amazon signs on Woody Allen for a TV series " "Jan 13 Amazon.com Inc said it signed Woody Allen to write and direct a new TV series for its video streaming service."
"BRIEF-Amazon signs Woody Allen for television series " "* Amazon Studios signs Woody Allen to create his first television series ever"
"UPDATE 3-After awards coup  Amazon lands Woody Allen for TV series " "LOS ANGELES/SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 13 Woody Allen will make his first foray onto the small screen  writing and directing an online series for Amazon.com  the latest coup by deep-pocketed cable and streaming companies in luring the biggest names in film to television."
"UPDATE 1-Carlos Slim becomes top NY Times shareholder " "Jan 14 Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim has become the largest shareholder of New York Times Co  after exercising warrants to double his stake in the publisher to 16.8 percent."
"EU to publish details of probe into Amazon's Luxembourg tax deal " "BRUSSELS European Union antitrust regulators will publish details on Friday of their investigation into online retailer Amazon's tax-minimising arrangements with Luxembourg."
"EU to publish details of probe into Amazon's Luxembourg tax deal " "BRUSSELS  Jan 15 European Union antitrust regulators will publish details on Friday of their investigation into online retailer Amazon's tax-minimising arrangements with Luxembourg."
"EU regulators said had doubts over Amazon's Luxembourg tax deal " "BRUSSELS  Jan 16 European antitrust regulators believed Amazon's arrangement with Luxembourg to minimise its tax bill did constitute state aid and expressed doubt that such aid was lawful  according to a document released on Friday."
"EU says part of Amazon's Luxembourg tax deal 'cosmetic' " "BRUSSELS Luxembourg took just two weeks to sign off a partly cosmetic deal that allowed Amazon  to shift a large part of its European profits to an untaxed entity  according to EU antitrust regulators."
"UPDATE 1-EU says part of Amazon's Luxembourg tax deal ""cosmetic"" " "* Tax ruling in place for more than 10 years   (Adds details from document)"
"Amazon doubles down on entertainment with 'indie' movie bet " "Amazon.com Inc is making a high-stakes foray into the challenging realm of independent movies  the latest step in its attempt to move beyond simply distributing digital entertainment content to creating it."
"Amazon to produce movies for theaters  Prime video service " "Jan 19 Amazon.com Inc said Amazon Studios would produce and buy original movies to be released in theaters and for early-window distribution on Prime Instant Video."
"UPDATE 3-Amazon doubles down on entertainment with 'indie' movie bet " "Jan 19 Amazon.com Inc is making a high-stakes foray into the challenging realm of independent movies  the latest step in its attempt to move beyond simply distributing digital entertainment content to creating it."
"Amazon doubles down on entertainment with 'indie' movie bet " "Amazon.com Inc is making a high-stakes foray into the challenging realm of independent movies  the latest step in its attempt to move beyond simply distributing digital entertainment content to creating it."
"REFILE-UPDATE 3-Amazon doubles down on entertainment with 'indie' movie bet " "Jan 19 Amazon.com Inc is making a high-stakes foray into the challenging realm of independent movies  the latest step in its attempt to move beyond simply distributing digital entertainment content to creating it."
"Amazon doubles down on entertainment with 'indie' movie bet " "Amazon.com Inc is making a high-stakes foray into the challenging realm of independent movies  the latest step in its attempt to move beyond simply distributing digital entertainment content to creating it. | Video "
"Amazon pulls private diaper brand to change design " "SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 21 Amazon.com Inc  pulled its private-label diapers to fix design flaws less than two months after launching the products  the company said on Wednesday."
"Amazon in talks to buy Israeli start-up Annapurna Labs -newspaper " "JERUSALEM  Jan 22 U.S. tech giant Amazon  is in talks to buy Israeli chipmaker Annapurna Labs for up to $370 million  financial newspaper Calcalist reported on Thursday."
"Amazon to buy Israeli start-up Annapurna Labs " "SAN FRANCISCO/JERUSALEM U.S. tech giant Amazon confirmed on Thursday that it has agreed to buy Israeli chipmaker Annapurna Labs for its cloud computing unit  Amazon Web Services."
"Deals of the day- Mergers and acquisitions " "Jan 22 The following bids  mergers  acquisitions and disposals were reported by 2100 GMT on Thursday:"
"German tableware brand sues Amazon over wavy cup and saucer design " "German luxury ceramics company Villeroy & Boch AG  sued Amazon.com Inc for selling what it says is a copycat version of its popular New Wave cup and saucer."
"German tableware brand sues Amazon over wavy cup and saucer design " "German luxury ceramics company Villeroy & Boch AG sued Amazon.com Inc for selling what it says is a copycat version of its popular New Wave cup and saucer."
"German tableware brand sues Amazon over wavy cup and saucer design " "Jan 22 German luxury ceramics company Villeroy & Boch AG sued Amazon.com Inc for selling what it says is a copycat version of its popular New Wave cup and saucer."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon to buy Israeli start-up Annapurna Labs " "SAN FRANCISCO/JERUSALEM  Jan 22 U.S. tech giant Amazon confirmed on Thursday that it has agreed to buy Israeli chipmaker Annapurna Labs for its cloud computing unit  Amazon Web Services."
"Amazon ramps up enterprise push with email service " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc  accelerated its efforts to win over corporate clients on Wednesday by announcing an email and scheduling service that will compete with Microsoft Corp  and Google Inc ."
"Amazon ramps up enterprise push with email service " "SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 28 Amazon.com Inc  accelerated its efforts to win over corporate clients on Wednesday by announcing an email and scheduling service that will compete with Microsoft Corp and Google Inc ."
"Amazon sales rise in holiday quarter  shares jump " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc reported stronger than expected earnings on Thursday as North American sales surged during the crucial holiday quarter  sending its shares up 9 percent."
"BRIEF-Amazon CFO says putting 'a lot more energy' in 2015 around improving productivity " "* amazon.com inc cfo says customers who test prime for video convert at higher rate than other channels"
"UPDATE 2-Amazon sales rise in holiday quarter  shares jump " "SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 29 Amazon.com Inc  reported stronger than expected earnings on Thursday as North American sales surged during the crucial holiday quarter  sending its shares up 9 percent."
"Amazon sales rise in holiday quarter  shares jump " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc reported stronger than expected earnings on Thursday as North American sales surged during the crucial holiday quarter  sending its shares up 9 percent. | Video "
"AWS move  disclosure suggest Amazon yielding more to Wall Street " "SAN FRANCISCO After years of giving investors the cold shoulder  Amazon.com Inc  is starting to warm up to Wall Street."
"US STOCKS-Wall St closes down for January; Shake Shack rallies in debut " "* Indexes decline: Dow 1.45 pct  S&P 1.3 pct  Nasdaq 1.03 pct"
"Wall St. closes down for January  Shake Shack rallies in debut " "NEW YORK U.S. stocks closed down on Friday after a volatile session as investors worried at the end of a rough month for the market about weak U.S. growth data and whether instability in Europe could hurt corporate earnings in the United States. | Video "
"ARM Holdings unveils beefed-up smartphone chip design " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 3 Chip designer ARM Holdings Plc  on Tuesday unveiled a new processor blueprint with improved computing performance and beefed-up graphics aimed at smartphones and tablets to be launched next year."
"UPDATE 1-Market Chatter-Corporate finance press digest " "Feb 3 The following corporate finance-related stories were reported by media:"
"UPDATE 3-Amazon.com  Sprint consider buying some Radioshack stores - BBG " "Feb 2 Amazon.com Inc and Sprint Corp  are considering acquiring some RadioShack stores after the troubled electronics retailer files for bankruptcy  Bloomberg reported  citing people with knowledge of the discussions."
"Deals of the day- Mergers and acquisitions " "Feb 4 The following bids  mergers  acquisitions and disposals were reported by 2100 GMT on Wednesday:"
"Exclusive-Survey: Trouble for Amazon Prime's two-day deliveries? " "SAN FRANCISCO/CHICAGO Amazon.com Inc packages ordered by its Prime members regularly arrived late over the holidays  a Reuters/Ipsos survey shows  reflecting the strain on the logistics network that transformed the company into an e-commerce powerhouse."
"Exclusive - Survey: Trouble for Amazon Prime's two-day deliveries? " "SAN FRANCISCO/CHICAGO Amazon.com Inc packages ordered by its Prime members regularly arrived late during the holidays  a Reuters/Ipsos survey shows  reflecting the strain on the logistics network that transformed the company into an e-commerce powerhouse."
"UPDATE 1-Target halves order size for free shipping to $25 " "Feb 23 Target Corp halved the size of online orders eligible for free shipping to $25  undercutting Amazon.com Inc and traditional rival Wal-Mart Stores Inc as it focuses on its online business."
"Kleiner firm was not level playing field for women  jury told " "SAN FRANCISCO Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers  the investment firm that has backed tech companies from Google to Amazon  fired a woman junior partner after she complained of gender discrimination  her lawyer said at trial on Tuesday."
"Kleiner firm was not level playing field for women  jury told " "SAN FRANCISCO Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers  the investment firm that has backed tech companies from Google to Amazon  fired a woman junior partner after she complained of gender discrimination  her lawyer said at trial on Tuesday. | Video "
"Silicon Valley gender discrimination case heads to trial " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 24 Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers  the investment firm that has backed tech companies from Google to Amazon  will defend itself in court on Tuesday in a closely watched gender discrimination case that could lay open the inner workings of venture capital."
"UPDATE 2-Kleiner firm was not level playing field for women  jury told " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 24 Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers  the investment firm that has backed tech companies from Google to Amazon  fired a woman junior partner after she complained of gender discrimination  her lawyer said at trial on Tuesday."
"Chinese rivals snap at Alibaba's heels in cross-border e-commerce race " "SHANGHAI A Chinese government push to promote e-commerce has created a host of online retail rivals for Alibaba Group Holding Ltd and Amazon.com Inc catering to shoppers' fears about the quality and safety of local everyday goods."
"Chinese rivals snap at Alibaba's heels in cross-border e-commerce race " "SHANGHAI  Feb 26 A Chinese government push to promote e-commerce has created a host of online retail rivals for Alibaba Group Holding Ltd and Amazon.com Inc  catering to shoppers' fears about the quality and safety of local everyday goods."
"Amazon hires former Obama press secretary Carney: Politico " "WASHINGTON Amazon.com Inc has hired President Barack Obama's former spokesman Jay Carney as senior vice president for worldwide corporate affairs  Politico reported on Thursday."
"Amazon hires former Obama press secretary Carney - Politico " "WASHINGTON  Feb 26 Amazon.com Inc has hired President Barack Obama's former spokesman Jay Carney as senior vice president for worldwide corporate affairs  Politico reported on Thursday."
"UPDATE 1-Chinese rivals snap at Alibaba's heels in cross-border e-commerce race " "SHANGHAI  Feb 26 A Chinese government push to promote e-commerce has created a host of online retail rivals for Alibaba Group Holding Ltd and Amazon.com Inc  catering to shoppers' fears about the quality and safety of local everyday goods."
"Former HP chairman admits 'mistake' in venture firm sexism trial " "SAN FRANCISCO Onetime highflying tech executive Ray Lane testified on Monday during a sex discrimination trial involving his former employer  Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers  that he made a mistake in judgment involving the harassment of a female venture capitalist at the firm."
"Former HP chairman admits 'mistake' in venture firm sexism trial " "SAN FRANCISCO Onetime highflying tech executive Ray Lane testified on Monday during a sex discrimination trial involving his former employer  Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers  that he made a mistake in judgment involving the harassment of a female venture capitalist at the firm."
"Former HP chairman to testify in venture firm sexism trial " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 2 Onetime highflying tech executive Ray Lane is expected to testify Monday in a discrimination and retaliation trial involving his former employer  Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers  the investment firm that has backed companies from Google Inc to Amazon.com Inc."
"UPDATE 1-JD.com tops expectations with 73 pct rise in quarterly revenue " "* More than one-third of Q4 orders fulfilled by mobile   (Adds details)"
"Venture capitalist Doerr testifies in Kleiner sexism case " "SAN FRANCISCO Venture capitalist John Doerr on Tuesday sought to fend off allegations of sexism at his firm  Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers  in testimony in a gender discrimination lawsuit targeting the firm."
"Venture capitalist Doerr testifies in Kleiner sexism case " "SAN FRANCISCO Venture capitalist John Doerr on Tuesday sought to fend off allegations of sexism at his firm  Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers  in testimony in a gender discrimination lawsuit targeting the firm."
"Venture capitalist John Doerr to testify in sexism case " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 3 Venture capitalist John Doerr  credited with backing Amazon.com Inc  Google Inc  and many other technology companies  is set to testify on Tuesday in a gender discrimination trial involving his firm  Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers."
"Alibaba opens first U.S. cloud center  enters hotly contested market " "HANGZHOU  China  March 4 Alibaba Group Holding Ltd is launching a cloud computing hub in Silicon Valley on Wednesday  the e-commerce giant's first outside of China  underscoring its global ambitions in the face of stiff and entrenched competition."
"Amazon opens store on Alibaba's online marketplace Tmall " "March 5 Amazon.com Inc has opened an online store on Alibaba Group Holding Ltd's  fast-growing online marketplace  Tmall.com as it seeks to expand in China  an Alibaba spokesman said."
"Alibaba hiring in Amazon  Microsoft backyard as U.S. cloud unit expands " "BEIJING China's Alibaba Group Holding Ltd  the world's largest e-commerce firm  has begun hunting staff in Seattle  home turf of Amazon.com Inc and Microsoft Corp  focusing on savvy cloud computing hires as it ramps up U.S. operations."
"Alibaba hiring in Amazon  Microsoft backyard as US cloud unit expands " "BEIJING  March 12 China's Alibaba Group Holding Ltd  the world's largest e-commerce firm  has begun hunting staff in Seattle  home turf of Amazon.com Inc  and Microsoft Corp  focusing on savvy cloud computing hires as it ramps up U.S. operations."
"German retailer REWE steels for Amazon move into food " "COLOGNE  Germany Germany's second-biggest supermarket group REWE is investing heavily in grocery ecommerce even though it does not expect to turn a profit soon  as it braces for Amazon to expand its food delivery service."
"Boeing eyes satellite deal with tech giant this year " "WASHINGTON Boeing Co  on Monday said it could clinch a deal this year to build a high-throughput communications satellite for top technology companies such as Google Inc   Amazon.com Inc   Facebook Inc  or Apple Inc ."
"UPDATE 3-U.S. regulators give Amazon go-ahead for drone tests " "SEATTLE  March 19 Amazon.com Inc has won approval from U.S. federal regulators to test a delivery drone outdoors  as the e-commerce company pursues its goal of sending packages to customers by air  even as it faces public concern about safety and privacy."
"U.S. regulators give Amazon go-ahead for drone tests " "SEATTLE Amazon.com Inc has won approval from U.S. federal regulators to test a delivery drone outdoors  as the e-commerce company pursues its goal of sending packages to customers by air  even as it faces public concern about safety and privacy."
"U.S. regulators give Amazon go-ahead for drone tests " "SEATTLE Amazon.com Inc has won approval from U.S. federal regulators to test a delivery drone outdoors  as the e-commerce company pursues its goal of sending packages to customers by air  even as it faces public concern about safety and privacy."
"Amazon blasts U.S. agency for slowness on drone regulation " "WASHINGTON E-commerce power Amazon.com blasted federal regulators on Tuesday for being slow to approve commercial drone testing  saying the United States is falling behind other countries in the potentially lucrative area of unmanned aviation technology."
"Amazon blasts U.S. FAA for slowness on drone regulation " "WASHINGTON  March 24 E-commerce power Amazon.com  blasted federal regulators on Tuesday for being slow to approve commercial drone testing  saying the United States is falling behind other countries in the potentially lucrative area of unmanned aviation technology."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon blasts U.S. agency for slowness on drone regulation " "WASHINGTON  March 24 E-commerce power Amazon.com  blasted federal regulators on Tuesday for being slow to approve commercial drone testing  saying the United States is falling behind other countries in the potentially lucrative area of unmanned aviation technology."
"Amazon in talks to buy online luxury retailer Net-a-Porter: Forbes " "Amazon.com  is in talks to buy online luxury retailer Net-a-porter in what could be the biggest acquisition yet for the e-commerce giant  but the negotiations are in early stages and could fall apart  Forbes reported  citing a person familiar with the matter."
"REFILE-Amazon in talks to buy online luxury retailer Net-a-Porter -Forbes " "March 27 Amazon.com is in talks to buy online luxury retailer Net-a-porter in what could be the biggest acquisition yet for the e-commerce giant  but the negotiations are in early stages and could fall apart  Forbes reported  citing a person familiar with the matter."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon in talks to buy online luxury retailer Net-a-Porter -Forbes " "March 27 Amazon.com is in talks to buy online luxury retailer Net-a-porter in what could be the biggest acquisition yet for the e-commerce giant  but the negotiations are in early stages and could fall apart  Forbes reported  citing a person familiar with the matter."
"Amazon.com expands into professional services with home marketplace " "CHICAGO  March 30 Amazon.com Inc is launching a home services marketplace that will connect customers with electricians  plumbers and painters in a move to have its services tied to every product sold on its website."
"Netflix to premiere original series ""Montauk"" in 2016 " "April 2 Streaming video service provider Netflix Inc said it will premiere its next series  ""Montauk""  in 2016 as it looks to boost its original content in a highly competitive market."
"Alibaba-backed ShopRunner gains momentum  eyes China " "SAN MATEO  Calif. ShopRunner Inc  the e-commerce startup backed by Alibaba Group Holding Ltd that styles itself in some ways as the anti-Amazon  more than doubled its users over the past year and hopes to do so again in 2015  Shoprunner's chief executive said in an interview."
"Jeff Bezos' rocket company to begin suborbital test flights this year " "CAPE CANAVERAL  Fla.  April 7 A space company owned by Amazon.com founder Jeff Bezos has finished work on a rocket engine for a suborbital spaceship and expects to begin flight tests this year  Blue Origin officials said on Tuesday."
"Jeff Bezos' rocket company to begin suborbital test flights this year " "CAPE CANAVERAL  Fla. A space company owned by Amazon.com founder Jeff Bezos has finished work on a rocket engine for a suborbital spaceship and expects to begin flight tests this year  Blue Origin officials said on Tuesday."
"Amazon sued in California over docked wages for warehouse workers " "A proposed class action filed against Amazon.com claims the company is committing wage theft by docking hourly employees at its California warehouses for 30 minutes of wages or paid time off each time they miss a three-minute grace-period for clocking in."
"Global Fashion Group hires ex-Amazon.com exec as CEO " "FRANKFURT  April 8 Global Fashion Group (GFG)  formed out of five Kinnevik- and Rocket Internet-  backed online fashion start-ups active across dozens of emerging markets  has hired the former head of Amazon  France as its new chief executive."
"Amazon sues to block alleged fake reviews on its website " "April 9 Amazon.com Inc has sued four websites to stop them from selling fake  positive product reviews."
"Amazon gets green light from U.S. regulators for new drone tests " "Amazon.com Inc  has won approval from U.S. federal regulators to test a delivery drone outdoors  less than a month after the e-commerce powerhouse blasted regulators for being slow to approve commercial drone testing."
"Amazon gets green light from U.S. regulators for new drone tests " "Amazon.com Inc has won approval from U.S. federal regulators to test a delivery drone outdoors  less than a month after the e-commerce powerhouse blasted regulators for being slow to approve commercial drone testing."
"Amazon gets green light from U.S. regulators for new drone tests " "April 9 Amazon.com Inc has won approval from U.S. federal regulators to test a delivery drone outdoors  less than a month after the e-commerce powerhouse blasted regulators for being slow to approve commercial drone testing."
"Amazon sues to block alleged fake reviews on its website " "Amazon.com Inc has sued four websites to stop them from selling fake  positive product reviews."
"MEDIA-Amazon acquired data migration startup Amiato last year - Bloomberg " "-- Note: Reuters has not verified this story and does not vouch for its accuracy"
"China's Tencent hits $200 billion market cap for first time " "BEIJING China's Tencent Holdings Ltd for the first time hit a market cap of more than $200 billion on Monday  making it more valuable than U.S. tech firms like Amazon.com Inc  IBM Corp and Oracle Corp."
"China's Tencent hits $200 bln market cap for first time " "BEIJING  April 13 China's Tencent Holdings Ltd  for the first time hit a market cap of more than $200 billion on Monday  making it more valuable than U.S. tech firms like Amazon.com Inc  IBM Corp and Oracle Corp ."
"Amazon  HarperCollins reach multi-year publishing deal -WSJ " "April 13 E-commerce company Amazon.com Inc  and publisher HarperCollins have reached a new multi-year publishing deal that covers both print and digital titles  The Wall Street Journal reported  citing HarperCollins."
"Amazon  HarperCollins reach multi-year publishing deal: WSJ " "E-commerce company Amazon.com Inc and publisher HarperCollins have reached a new multi-year publishing deal that covers both print and digital titles  The Wall Street Journal reported  citing HarperCollins."
"Amazon  HarperCollins reach multi-year publishing deal: WSJ " "E-commerce company Amazon.com Inc and publisher HarperCollins have reached a new multi-year publishing deal that covers both print and digital titles  The Wall Street Journal reported  citing HarperCollins."
"Amazon revenue beats  cloud computing more profitable than expected " "Amazon.com Inc's first-quarter revenue grew more than expected as rising sales in North America and its burgeoning cloud-computing services unit offset new business investments  boosting its shares nearly 7 percent."
"Amazon's quarterly revenue rises 15 pct " "April 23 E-commerce company Amazon.com Inc's  quarterly revenue rose 15 percent  helped by higher revenue from North America  its biggest market  and its fast-growing cloud-computing services unit."
"As Amazon parties on  some large fund managers take their leave " "NEW YORK  April 22 For many years  investors have been very tolerant as Amazon.com has sacrificed profits for rapid growth in sales and as it built new businesses. That patience may finally be wearing thin."
"As Amazon parties on  some large fund managers take their leave " "NEW YORK For many years  investors have been very tolerant as Amazon.com has sacrificed profits for rapid growth in sales and as it built new businesses. That patience may finally be wearing thin."
"UPDATE 1-As Amazon parties on  some large fund managers take their leave " "NEW YORK  April 22 For many years  investors have been very tolerant as Amazon.com has sacrificed profits for rapid growth in sales and as it built new businesses. That patience may finally be wearing thin."
"UPDATE 3-Amazon revenue beats  cloud computing more profitable than expected " "April 23 Amazon.com Inc's first-quarter revenue grew more than expected as rising sales in North America and its burgeoning cloud-computing services unit offset new business investments  boosting its shares nearly 7 percent."
"Amazon revenue beats  cloud computing more profitable than expected " "Amazon.com Inc's first-quarter revenue grew more than expected as rising sales in North America and its burgeoning cloud-computing services unit offset new business investments  boosting its shares nearly 7 percent."
"Microsoft coy on cloud profit after Amazon delivers " "SAN FRANCISCO/CHICAGO Amazon.com Inc surprised investors on Thursday by disclosing for the first time that it makes a profit from its fast-growing cloud-computing business."
"Tech triumvirate propels Nasdaq  S&P to record highs " "The Nasdaq Composite and S&P 500 chalked up record high closes on Friday  propelled by strong results from tech behemoths Google  Amazon and Microsoft. | Video "
"US STOCKS-Futures up on tech earnings  Nasdaq to extend record " "April 24 U.S. stock index futures rose on Friday as strong results from tech behemoths Google  Amazon and Microsoft set the Nasdaq Composite on track to set a record closing high for the second straight day."
"US STOCKS-Nasdaq hits 15-year high  propelled by Amazon  Microsoft " "* Amazon shares touch life high after revenue beats estimates"
"US STOCKS-Nasdaq hits 15-year high  propelled by tech triumvirate " "* Amazon shares touch life high after revenue beats estimates"
"US STOCKS-Tech triumvirate propels Nasdaq  S&P to record highs " "* Indexes ends up: Dow 0.12 pct  S&P 0.23 pct  Nasdaq 0.71 pct   (Updates to close)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St opens up  Nasdaq set to extend record " "* Amazon shares touch life high after revenue beats estimates"
"US STOCKS-Wall St to open up on tech earnings  Nasdaq to extend record " "* Comcast shares up after it calls off Time Warner Cable merger"
"With Nasdaq at records  investors ask what's next for tech " "* Investors view cyber security  cloud services as growth areas"
"Amazon.com launches new marketplace for U.S businesses " "CHICAGO  April 28 Amazon.com Inc is launching a marketplace on Tuesday that will connect individual businesses with suppliers  giving it access to a fast-growing market worth more than $8.2 trillion in the United States."
"Jeff Bezos' rocket company test-flies suborbital spaceship " "CAPE CANAVERAL  Fla.  April 30 Blue Origin  a startup space company owned by Amazon.com chief Jeff Bezos  launched an experimental suborbital spaceship from Texas  the first in a series of test flights to develop commercial unmanned and passenger spaceflight services  the company said on Thursday."
"Jeff Bezos' rocket company test-flies suborbital spaceship " "CAPE CANAVERAL  Fla. Blue Origin  a startup space company owned by Amazon.com chief Jeff Bezos  launched an experimental suborbital spaceship from Texas  the first in a series of test flights to develop commercial unmanned and passenger spaceflight services  the company said on Thursday. | Video "
"EU's Vestager says will not complete tax inquiries in Q2 " "BRUSSELS  May 5 European Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager said on Tuesday she would no longer be able to finalise investigations into tax treatment for Apple  Starbucks  Fiat and Amazon  in the second quarter as planned."
"EU's Vestager says will not complete tax inquiries in Second quarter " "BRUSSELS European Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager said on Tuesday she would no longer be able to finalize investigations into tax treatment for Apple  Starbucks  Fiat and Amazon in the second quarter as planned."
"Groupon's full-year revenue forecast below views  hit by dollar " "Groupon Inc  forecast full-year revenue well below analyst expectations on Tuesday  hurt by a stronger dollar and weaker-than-expected billings  a key metric reflecting the gross amount collected from customers."
"EU antitrust regulators probe curbs on cross-border online sales " "BRUSSELS EU regulators will investigate whether electronics and digital content companies illegally curb cross-border online sales  the EU's antitrust chief said on Wednesday  a move likely to affect both e-commerce giant Amazon  and traditional retailers."
"EU antitrust regulators probe curbs on cross-border online sales " "BRUSSELS EU regulators will investigate whether electronics and digital content companies illegally curb cross-border online sales  the EU's antitrust chief said on Wednesday  a move likely to affect both e-commerce giant Amazon and traditional retailers."
"EU to review behaviour of web giants in digital market overhaul " "BRUSSELS  May 6 The European Commission will conduct a comprehensive review this year of the role of web giants such as Google  Facebook and Amazon  to decide whether it should regulate them more tightly  it said on Wednesday."
"Groupon's full-year revenue forecast below views  hit by dollar " "Groupon Inc  forecast full-year revenue well below analyst expectations on Tuesday  hurt by a stronger dollar and weaker-than-expected billings  a key metric reflecting the gross amount collected from customers."
"UPDATE 1-EU antitrust regulators probe curbs on cross-border online sales " "BRUSSELS  May 6 EU regulators will investigate whether electronics and digital content companies illegally curb cross-border online sales  the EU's antitrust chief said on Wednesday  a move likely to affect both e-commerce giant Amazon  and traditional retailers."
"UPDATE 2-EU unveils digital strategy  aims to break US web firms' market grip " "* Competition officials also looking into e-commerce   (Adds industry reactions  recasts throughout)"
"U.S. private payrolls growth eases; productivity falls " "WASHINGTON U.S. private employers in April hired the fewest number of workers in more than a year  further diminishing hopes of a strong rebound in economic growth after the first-quarter slump."
"Wal-Mart challenges Amazon with unlimited shipping service for $50 per year " "CHICAGO  May 13 Wal-Mart Stores Inc is planning to test a new unlimited online shipping service this summer for $50 per year  a move that may hurt Amazon's annual $99 Prime shipping service."
"Wal-Mart challenges Amazon with unlimited shipping service for $50 per year " "CHICAGO Wal-Mart Stores Inc is planning to test a new unlimited online shipping service this summer for $50 per year  a move that may hurt Amazon's annual $99 Prime shipping service."
"Fund managers make big bet on high-end malls via Simon " "NEW YORK Even as the rise of online retailers such as Amazon.com Inc leads analysts to predict the eventual death of the American shopping mall  real estate fund managers are betting some will prosper – if they can lure the right kind of consumer."
"RPT-Wal-Mart eyes Amazon in potentially costly e-commerce battle " "May 19 Wal-Mart Stores Inc said that it would take a different approach to online growth than Amazon.com Inc by using its large network of stores as distribution points."
"Wal-Mart eyes Amazon in potentially costly e-commerce battle " "Wal-Mart Stores Inc said that it would take a different approach to online growth than Amazon.com Inc by using its large network of stores as distribution points."
"Copying Alibaba  India e-tailers woo small sellers for growth " "MUMBAI Indian e-commerce firms are offering funding help and tech support to woo small retailers  emulating a strategy used by Chinese online retail giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd to expand into the towns and villages home to the majority of consumers."
"Searching for the next Alibaba in India " "MUMBAI Indian e-commerce firms are offering funding help and tech support to woo small retailers  emulating a strategy used by Chinese online retail giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd to expand into the towns and villages home to the majority of consumers."
"UPDATE 2-Royal Mail sees tough parcel market  focuses on costs " "* CEO Greene says no plans to quit   (Recasts  adds CEO  analyst quotes)"
"Amazon changes tax practices in Europe as investigations continue: WSJ " "NEW YORK Amazon.com Inc has started booking revenue from retail sales in individual European countries  instead of channeling all sales through low-tax Luxembourg  the Wall Street Journal reported Sunday."
"Amazon changes tax practices in Europe as investigations continue - WSJ " "NEW YORK  May 24 Amazon.com Inc has started booking revenue from retail sales in individual European countries  instead of channeling all sales through low-tax Luxembourg  the Wall Street Journal reported Sunday."
"Amazon pays $16 million tax in Germany  while making $11.9 billion sales " "LONDON Internet retailer Amazon.com Inc.'s  main German operating unit paid just 11.9 million euros ($16 million) in tax in 2014  despite the group recording $11.9 billion in sales to German customers last year  regulatory filings show."
"Amazon pays $16 mln tax in Germany  while making $11.9 bln sales " "LONDON  May 26 Internet retailer Amazon.com Inc.'s main German operating unit paid just 11.9 million euros ($16 million) in tax in 2014  despite the group recording $11.9 billion in sales to German customers last year  regulatory filings show."
"Amazon's Europe changes to boost tax bill  add secrecy " "LONDON Amazon’s decision to change its tax-efficient European business structure could raise its tax bill by as much as $100 million a year but authorities will have to fight for additional money and any payments will be hidden from public view."
"Amazon's Europe changes to boost tax bill  add secrecy " "LONDON  May 26 Amazon's decision to change its tax-efficient European business structure could raise its tax bill by as much as $100 million a year but authorities will have to fight for additional money and any payments will be hidden from public view."
"EU to continue with tax study even after Amazon changes " "BRUSSELS  May 26 The European Commission said on Tuesday it would continue its investigation into Luxembourg's tax treatment of Amazon after reports the online retailer had changed its tax practices in Europe."
"EU to continue with tax study even after Amazon changes " "BRUSSELS The European Commission said on Tuesday it would continue its investigation into Luxembourg's tax treatment of Amazon after reports the online retailer had changed its tax practices in Europe."
"Amazon's Europe changes to boost tax bill  add secrecy " "LONDON  May 26 Amazon's decision to change its tax-efficient European business structure could raise its tax bill by as much as $100 million a year but authorities will have to fight for additional money and any payments will be hidden from public view."
"Amazon expands same-day delivery  offers free shipping on orders over $35 " "May 28 Amazon.com Inc said on Thursday it will expand same-day delivery to San Diego and the Tampa Bay Area under its Prime shipping service  which has been an engine of revenue growth for the online seller."
"Amazon offers limited free shipping on same-day delivery orders " "Amazon.com Inc said on Thursday it will offer limited free same-day delivery under its Prime shipping service as retailers try to outdo each other on delivery deals  and expanded the service to San Diego and the Tampa Bay Area."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon offers limited free shipping on same-day delivery orders " "May 28 Amazon.com Inc said on Thursday it will offer limited free same-day delivery under its Prime shipping service as retailers try to outdo each other on delivery deals  and expanded the service to San Diego and the Tampa Bay Area."
"Nokia launches localised datacenter service for telecoms firms " "HELSINKI Finnish telecoms equipment maker Nokia launched a new localised datacenter service for mobile network operators on Monday  enabling the operators to better compete with the likes of Amazon and Google in providing internet services."
"Nokia launches localised datacenter service for telecoms firms " "HELSINKI  June 1 Finnish telecoms equipment maker Nokia launched a new localised datacenter service for mobile network operators on Monday  enabling the operators to better compete with the likes of Amazon  and Google in providing internet services."
"Madrona taps Amazon  Microsoft alumni for new $300 million venture fund " "SAN FRANCISCO Seattle-based Madrona Venture Group said it has raised $300 million for a new fund  its sixth  drawing on the growing start-up community in the backyard it shares with Amazon.com Inc and Microsoft Corp."
"Madrona taps Amazon  Microsoft alumni for new $300 mln venture fund " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 4 Seattle-based Madrona Venture Group said it has raised $300 million for a new fund  its sixth  drawing on the growing start-up community in the backyard it shares with Amazon.com Inc and Microsoft Corp."
"Amazon  Google race to get your DNA into the cloud " "NEW YORK Amazon.com Inc is in a race against Google Inc to store data on human DNA  seeking both bragging rights in helping scientists make new medical discoveries and market share in a business that may be worth $1 billion a year by 2018. | Video "
"CORRECTED-INSIGHT-Amazon  Google race to get your DNA into the cloud " "NEW YORK  June 5 Amazon.com Inc is in a race against Google Inc to store data on human DNA  seeking both bragging rights in helping scientists make new medical discoveries and market share in a business that may be worth $1 billion a year by 2018."
"RPT - INSIGHT-Amazon  Google race to get your DNA into the cloud " "NEW YORK  June 5 Amazon.com Inc is in a race against Google Inc to store data on human DNA  seeking both bragging rights in helping scientists make new medical discoveries and market share in a business that may be worth $1 billion a year by 2018."
"Apple said to build high-speed data network: Bloomberg " "Apple Inc is setting up a high-speed network and upgrading how it builds data centers  to compete better with Amazon.com Inc  Google Inc and Microsoft Corp in cloud services  Bloomberg reported  citing people familiar with the plans."
"Amazon Canada launches new online stores for clothes  shoes " "Amazon.com Inc's Canadian unit said it launched new online stores dedicated to clothes and shoes  adding 1.5 million items to its inventory  at a time when traditional retailers in the country continue to struggle with lower traffic."
"Amazon Canada launches new online stores for clothes  shoes " "June 11 Amazon.com Inc's Canadian unit said it launched new online stores dedicated to clothes and shoes  adding 1.5 million items to its inventory  at a time when traditional retailers in the country continue to struggle with lower traffic."
"Appeals court approves of early Amazon.com win in patent suit " "The nation's top patent court has once again given the nod to a lower court's decision to rule early on in a case that an invention was not eligible to be patented and should not have received a patent in the first place."
"EU opens investigation into Amazon's e-book business " "BRUSSELS The European Commission opened a formal antitrust investigation into Amazon's e-book business on Thursday  opening yet another front in mounting EU scrutiny of America's global tech giants."
"EU tax probes on Apple  Amazon  Starbucks at advanced stage: European Commission " "BRUSSELS EU regulators' investigations into the low tax arrangements of Apple   Starbucks  and Amazon  in some member states are at an advanced stage and decisions could be announced in the coming months  a senior European Commission official said on Thursday."
"EU tax probes on Apple  Amazon  Starbucks at advanced stage -European Commission " "BRUSSELS  June 11 EU regulators' investigations into the low tax arrangements of Apple  Starbucks  and Amazon in some member states are at an advanced stage and decisions could be announced in the coming months  a senior European Commission official said on Thursday."
"EU tax probes on Apple  Amazon  Starbucks at advanced stage - European Commission " "EU regulators' investigations into the low tax arrangements of Apple  Starbucks and Amazon  in some member states are at an advanced stage and decisions could be announced in the coming months  a senior European Commission official said on Thursday."
"Tim Cook received complaints on Apple's bag check policy " "SAN FRANCISCO At least two Apple Inc  retail store workers complained directly to Chief Executive Tim Cook that the company's policy of checking retail employees' bags as a security precaution was embarrassing and demeaning  according to a court filing made public on Wednesday."
"Tim Cook received complaints on Apple's bag check policy " "SAN FRANCISCO At least two Apple Inc retail store workers complained directly to Chief Executive Tim Cook that the company's policy of checking retail employees' bags as a security precaution was embarrassing and demeaning  according to a court filing made public on Wednesday."
"Google launches a YouTube built for gamers " "Google Inc  said on Friday that it is launching a live streaming gaming service called ""YouTube Gaming""  creating a rival to Amazon.com Inc's  Twitch service."
"UPDATE 1-Google launches a YouTube built for gamers " "June 12 Google Inc said on Friday that it is launching a live streaming gaming service called ""YouTube Gaming""  creating a rival to Amazon.com Inc's Twitch service."
"EU anti-trust chief warns Amazon  wary about telecom mergers " "PARIS  June 15 Europe's anti-trust chief warned Amazon on Monday against using its dominance to thwart rivals  a week after launching an investigation into the U.S. online retailer's ebook deals with publishers."
"Amazon considering paying people to deliver packages: WSJ " "Amazon Inc is developing a mobile application that would pay ordinary people  rather than courier companies  to deliver packages en route to other destinations  the Wall Street Journal reported on Tuesday. | Video "
"Amazon insists federal rules apply to U.S. deliveries by drone " "WASHINGTON Amazon.com  seeking to bolster its efforts to deliver products via drone  said on Tuesday that states and local communities should not be allowed to regulate unmanned aerial systems (UAS) authorized by federal aviation regulators."
"EU executive to propose common tax base for multinationals - again " "LONDON Four years after failing in an initial attempt at common company tax rules across Europe  the EU is set to have a second go as it tries to tackle the low-tax arrangements of some states that have benefited the likes of Amazon  Starbucks and Apple."
"EU executive to propose common tax base for multinationals - again " "LONDON  June 16 Four years after failing in an initial attempt at common company tax rules across Europe  the EU is set to have a second go as it tries to tackle the low-tax arrangements of some states that have benefited the likes of Amazon  Starbucks and Apple."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon insists federal rules apply to U.S. deliveries by drone " "WASHINGTON  June 16 Amazon.com  seeking to bolster its efforts to deliver products via drone  said on Tuesday that states and local communities should not be allowed to regulate unmanned aerial systems (UAS) authorized by federal aviation regulators."
"Amazon insists federal rules apply to U.S. deliveries by drone " "WASHINGTON Amazon.com  seeking to bolster its efforts to deliver products via drone  said on Tuesday that states and local communities should not be allowed to regulate unmanned aerial systems (UAS) authorized by federal aviation regulators."
"Oracle extends cloud offerings  looks to compete with Amazon.com " "June 22 Oracle Corp founder and Executive Chairman Larry Ellison said his database company is expanding its cloud-computing offerings  bringing Oracle into more direct competition with Amazon.com Inc."
"Oracle extends cloud offerings  looks to compete with Amazon.com " "Oracle Corp founder and Executive Chairman Larry Ellison said his database company is expanding its cloud-computing offerings  bringing Oracle into more direct competition with Amazon.com Inc."
"UPDATE 1-Oracle extends cloud offerings  looks to compete with Amazon.com " "June 22 Orcle Corp founder and Executive Chairman Larry Ellison said his database company is expanding its cloud-computing offerings  bringing Oracle into more direct competition with Amazon.com Inc."
"Amazon  Google join retailers in banning Confederate flag " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc joined Amazon.com Inc and eBay Inc on Tuesday in pulling Confederate flag merchandise from their shopping site  following brick and mortar retailers in reacting to last week's racially motivated mass shooting at a historic black South Carolina church. | Video "
"Amazon to pull down Confederate flag merchandise from its site: source " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc  will be pulling down Confederate flag merchandise from its site  a source knowledgeable with the matter told Reuters on Tuesday."
"Amazon to pull down Confederate flag merchandise from its site - source " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 23 Amazon.com Inc  will be pulling down Confederate flag merchandise from its site  a source knowledgeable with the matter told Reuters on Tuesday."
"BRIEF-Sopra Steria announces cloud services dedicated to Amazon " "* Announces a comprehensive cloud services offer dedicated to Amazon web services"
"UPDATE 4-Amazon  Google join retailers in banning Confederate flag " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 23 Google Inc  joined Amazon.com Inc and eBay Inc on Tuesday in pulling Confederate flag merchandise from their shopping site  following brick and mortar retailers in reacting to last week's racially motivated mass shooting at a historic black South Carolina church."
"Amazon  Google join retailers in banning Confederate flag " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc  joined Amazon.com Inc  and eBay Inc  on Tuesday in pulling Confederate flag merchandise from their shopping site  following brick and mortar retailers in reacting to last week's racially motivated mass shooting at a historic black South Carolina church. | Video "
"Amazon Studios in final talks for movie 'Elvis & Nixon': Variety " "Amazon Studios is in final talks for the movie ""Elvis & Nixon "" which will debut in theaters only  and the theatrical rollout will be handled by Bleecker Street as part of the deal  according to Variety."
"Amazon Studios in final talks for movie 'Elvis & Nixon' - Variety " "June 23 Amazon Studios is in final talks for the movie ""Elvis & Nixon "" which will debut in theaters only  and the theatrical rollout will be handled by Bleecker Street as part of the deal  according to Variety."
"As Amazon  eBay remove Confederate flags  Nazi items on sale " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 24 Amazon.com Inc  and eBay Inc sharply cut the number of Confederate flag products on their sites a day after vowing to remove them  but in a sign of the difficulty of removing controversial content  Nazi-era memorabilia are listed on both sites."
"REFILE-UPDATE 4-Amazon  Google join retailers in banning Confederate flag " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 23 Google Inc  joined Amazon.com Inc and eBay Inc on Tuesday in pulling Confederate flag merchandise from their shopping site  following brick and mortar retailers in reacting to last week's racially motivated mass shooting at a historic black South Carolina church."
"Consumer Discretionary hedging activity up ahead of earnings " "NEW YORK Investors who have the most to win if Amazon  Disney and other consumer discretionary companies continue to push the sector higher are getting increasingly nervous  judging by their options activity."
"Consumer Discretionary hedging activity up ahead of earnings " "NEW YORK  June 26 Investors who have the most to win if Amazon  Disney and other consumer discretionary companies continue to push the sector higher are getting increasingly nervous  judging by their options activity."
"UK online pioneer hopes to strike oil with new tech venture " "LONDON  June 26 One of the three founders of pioneering British online grocery retailer Ocado  which has warehouses but no stores  has taken control of a Silicon Valley-based firm with a similarly unique approach to the exploration for natural resources."
"UK online pioneer hopes to strike oil with new tech venture " "LONDON One of the three founders of pioneering British online grocery retailer Ocado  which has warehouses but no stores  has taken control of a Silicon Valley-based firm with a similarly unique approach to the exploration for natural resources."
"U.S. Air Force mulls plans to replace Russian rocket engines " "CAPE CANAVERAL  Fla.  June 26 A U.S. Air Force competition to develop a rocket propulsion system to end dependence on Russian rocket engines drew broad response from companies  the Air Force said on Friday."
"Big business on winning side in U.S. top court's major rulings " "WASHINGTON  June 27 Big business was on the winning side in the U.S. Supreme Court's two major cases of the year  with hundreds of employers pushing hard in favor of gay marriage and the healthcare industry backing the insurance subsidies available under Obamacare."
"Amazon to offer loans to sellers in China  7 other countries " "CHICAGO Amazon.com Inc will launch its business loan program for small sellers later this year in eight more countries including China  where credit is becoming a key factor in competing for new vendors and grabbing market share."
"Big business on winning side in U.S. top court's major rulings " "WASHINGTON Big business was on the winning side in the U.S. Supreme Court's two major cases of the year  with hundreds of employers pushing hard in favor of gay marriage and the healthcare industry backing the insurance subsidies available under Obamacare."
"Exclusive: Amazon to offer loans to sellers in China  7 other countries " "CHICAGO Amazon.com Inc will launch its business loan program for small sellers later this year in eight more countries including China  where credit is becoming a key factor in competing for new vendors and grabbing market share."
"Amazon launches one-hour delivery service in London " "June 30 Amazon.com Inc launched its one-hour order delivery service  Prime Now  for some areas of London on Tuesday  about six months after introducing the service in the United States."
"Amazon launches one-hour delivery service in London " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc launched its one-hour delivery service  Prime Now  for select areas of London on Tuesday and said it would expand the program to additional cities in the United Kingdom by the end of the year."
"Capital controls mean Greeks can click  but not buy " "LONDON Monday was the day the music died for thousands of song downloaders and music streamers in Greece."
"Capital controls mean Greeks can click  but not buy " "* Many online suppliers handle payment from single European centre"
"Exclusive: Amazon looks to offer loans to sellers in China  seven other countries " "CHICAGO Amazon.com Inc  will start a business loan program for small sellers in the United Kingdom on Tuesday and is looking to launch it this year in seven more countries including China."
"Exclusive - Amazon looks to offer loans to sellers in China  seven other countries " "CHICAGO Amazon.com Inc  will start a business loan programme for small sellers in the United Kingdom on Tuesday and is looking to launch it this year in seven more countries including China."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon launches one-hour delivery service in London " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 30 Amazon.com Inc  launched its one-hour delivery service  Prime Now  for select areas of London on Tuesday and said it would expand the program to additional cities in the United Kingdom by the end of the year."
"UPDATE 1-Capital controls mean Greeks can click  but not buy " "* Many online suppliers handle payment from single European centre"
"Amazon must face trademark lawsuit over search results " "Amazon.com Inc must face a trademark lawsuit brought by a watchmaker which says the online retailer's search results can cause confusion for potential customers  a federal appeals court ruled."
"Amazon must face trademark lawsuit over search results " "Amazon.com Inc must face a trademark lawsuit brought by a watchmaker which says the online retailer's search results can cause confusion for potential customers  a federal appeals court ruled."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon must face trademark lawsuit over search results " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 6 Amazon.com Inc  must face a trademark lawsuit brought by a watchmaker which says the online retailer's search results can cause confusion for potential customers  a federal appeals court ruled."
"Peru delays bids for country's most productive oil block " "LIMA  July 13 Peru will delay bidding for the rights to develop the country's largest oil block  which is located in the Amazon jungle  at the request of three companies involved in the process  the government said on Monday."
"Wal-Mart takes on Amazon's ""Prime Day"" with online sale " "July 13 Wal-Mart Stores Inc is launching an online discount sale on Wednesday to counter Amazon.com Inc's  highly-publicized ""Prime Day""  a shopping event for members of its Amazon Prime service on the same day."
"Wal-Mart takes on Amazon's 'Prime Day' with online sale " "Wal-Mart Stores Inc  will launch a three-month online sale on Wednesday to take on Amazon.com Inc's  ""Prime Day""  a highly publicized shopping event for members of Amazon Prime shipping and digital content service the same day."
"Amazon hires Iberdrola to build wind farm for cloud data " "MADRID Online store Amazon said it has contracted Spanish utility Iberdrola to build and manage a wind farm in North Carolina  United States  to power its current and future cloud data centers."
"CORRECTED-Spain's Iberdrola to build 208 MW U.S. wind farm for Amazon " "MADRID  July 14 Online store Amazon has contracted Spanish utility Iberdrola to build and manage a 208 megawatt wind farm in North Carolina  United States  the U.S. company said in a statement."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon hires Iberdrola to build wind farm for cloud data " "MADRID  July 14 Online store Amazon  said it has contracted Spanish utility Iberdrola to build and manage a wind farm in North Carolina  United States  to power its current and future cloud data centres."
"US STOCKS-Wall St higher as healthcare  energy stocks rally " "* JPMorgan profit beats estimates; Wells Fargo revenue misses"
"US STOCKS-Wall St rises as oil prices recovery boosts energy stocks " "* JPMorgan profit beats estimates; Wells Fargo revenue misses"
"US STOCKS-Wall St slightly higher as oil prices recover " "* JPMorgan profit beats estimates; Wells Fargo revenue misses"
"Amazon's Prime Day draws big virtual crowd  frustrates some shoppers " "Merchants participating in Amazon.com's much-advertised ""Prime Day"" sale saw an 80 percent rise in U.S. sales from a year earlier  according to preliminary data from e-commerce researcher ChannelAdvisor  although the event also drew ire from some shoppers."
"Amazon says Prime Day orders beat last year's Black Friday " "Amazon.com Inc said customers ordered 34.4 million items worldwide during its highly publicized Prime Day sale  breaking the record set by last year's Black Friday sale."
"Amazon says Prime Day orders beat last year's Black Friday " "July 16 Amazon.com Inc said customers ordered 34.4 million items worldwide during its highly publicized Prime Day sale  breaking the record set by last year's Black Friday sale."
"US STOCKS-Wall St gains as bellwethers post strong earnings reports " "* Indexes up: Dow 0.23 pct  S&P 0.64 pct  Nasdaq 1 pct   (Updates to early afternoon)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St rises as eBay  Netflix push Nasdaq toward record " "* Indexes up: Dow 0.23 pct  S&P 0.64 pct  Nasdaq 1.03 pct   (Updates to mid-afternoon)"
"Amazon expands home services marketplace in U.S. cities " "SEATTLE Amazon.com Inc  said on Wednesday it would expand a marketplace that offers home services from plumbing to fence repairs in 15 U.S. cities and help customers find contractors for more expensive home projects as it develops its role as a middle man for third-party vendors.    The e-commerce company said it now offers more than 15 million unique services through its home services marketplace  up from 2 million when it launched in March."
"Amazon expands local services marketplace in U.S. cities " "SEATTLE  July 22 Amazon said on Wednesday it would expand a marketplace that offers services from plumbing to fence repairs in 15 cities and help customers find contractors for more expensive home projects as it develops its role as a middleman for third-party vendors."
"Macy's to expand same-day delivery to new U.S. markets  challenging Amazon " "CHICAGO/SAN FRANCISCO  July 22 Macy's Inc  is expanding same-day delivery to several new U.S. markets this summer  one of the most aggressive pushes by a brick-and-mortar retailer in an area dominated by e-commerce giant Amazon   according to a Macy's official."
"Macy's to expand same-day delivery to new U.S. markets  challenging Amazon " "CHICAGO/SAN FRANCISCO Macy's Inc  is expanding same-day delivery to several new U.S. markets this summer  one of the most aggressive pushes by a brick-and-mortar retailer in an area dominated by e-commerce giant Amazon   according to a Macy's official. | Video "
"UPDATE 1-Amazon expands home services marketplace in U.S. cities " "SEATTLE  July 22 Amazon.com Inc said on Wednesday it would expand a marketplace that offers home services from plumbing to fence repairs in 15 U.S. cities and help customers find contractors for more expensive home projects as it develops its role as a middle man for third-party vendors."
"Amazon revenue rises about 20 pct as N. America sales grow " "July 23 E-commerce company Amazon.com Inc  reported an 19.9 percent rise in quarterly revenue  helped by higher sales in North America  its biggest market  and continued growth in its Amazon Web Services unit."
"UPDATE 2-Amazon surprises with quarterly profit  stock rallies " "July 23 Amazon.com Inc swung to an unexpected quarterly profit on higher sales in North America  its popular Prime subscription service and growing demand for its Web services  sending the online retailer's shares up more than 17 percent."
"UPDATE 3-Amazon shares soar on surprise profit  market value above Wal Mart's " "July 23 Amazon.com Inc shares surged more than 17 percent on Thursday as the online retailer posted an unexpected quarterly profit  pushing its market value above that of Wal-Mart Stores Inc  the world's largest retailer."
"US STOCKS-Nasdaq rebounds but weak results weigh on Dow  S&P " "* Dow falls 0.23 pct  S&P down 0.05 pct  Nasdaq up 0.14 pct   (Updates to open)"
"US STOCKS-U.S. stocks higher; 3M  Caterpillar weigh on Dow " "* Dow falls 0.09 pct  S&P up 0.05 pct  Nasdaq up 0.42 pct   (Adds details  adds comment  updates prices)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St falls for 3rd day as earnings fall short " "* Indexes down: Dow 0.7 pct  S&P 0.6 pct  Nasdaq 0.5 pct   (Updates close with volume  Visa up after the bell)"
"US STOCKS-Wall Street slumps for third day as earnings disappoint " "* Indexes down: Dow 0.52 pct  S&P 0.45 pct  Nasdaq 0.25 pct   (Updates to early afternoon)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St set to open little changed after two-day dip " "* Futures: Dow down 8 pts  S&P up 1.25 pts  Nasdaq up 6.25 pts   (Adds details  comment  updates prices)"
"A few big winners keep U.S. stock market afloat in 2015 " "Amazon's stock price surge into Friday made it the latest of a series of companies to boom following results  and its performance this year  along with a few others  has basically kept the S&P 500 above water."
"Amazon.com CEO Bezos up $8 billion  down $3 billion on stock swing " "NEW YORK  July 24 Amazon.com founder and Chief Executive Officer Jeff Bezos got a lot richer while he slept on Thursday night  after the company reported its quarterly earnings and its shares rose 20.1 percent."
"Amazon.com CEO Bezos up $8 billion  down $4 billion on stock swing " "NEW YORK Amazon.com founder and Chief Executive Officer Jeff Bezos got a lot richer while he slept on Thursday night  after the company reported its quarterly earnings and its shares rose 20.1 percent."
"Cloud services seen growth driver for Amazon " "Amazon.com Inc's shares surged more than 20 percent in early trading on Friday  adding more than $46 billion to the company's market value  after strong growth in the e-commerce giant's cloud business drove a surprise quarterly profit. | Video "
"UPDATE 1-Amazon.com CEO Bezos up $8 billion  down $4 billion on stock swing " "NEW YORK  July 24 Amazon.com founder and Chief Executive Officer Jeff Bezos got a lot richer while he slept on Thursday night  after the company reported its quarterly earnings and its shares rose 20.1 percent."
"UPDATE 1-Cloud services seen growth driver for Amazon " "July 24 Amazon.com Inc's shares surged more than 20 percent in early trading on Friday  adding more than $46 billion to the company's market value  after strong growth in the e-commerce giant's cloud business drove a surprise quarterly profit."
"US STOCKS-Wall Street lower amid mixed earnings  fall in commodities " "* Amazon jumps to record high after posting unexpected profit"
"US STOCKS-Wall Street slumps as materials  health stocks weigh " "* Amazon jumps to record high after posting unexpected profit"
"US STOCKS-Wall St slides to end rough week on macro  earnings concerns " "* Indexes down: Dow 0.9 pct  S&P 1.1 pct  Nasdaq 1.1 pct   (Updates to close)"
"Wall Street slides to end rough week on macro  earnings concerns " "The S&P 500 and Nasdaq posted their largest weekly drops since March on Friday as slowing global growth dragged commodity-related stocks lower while an earnings-fueled drop in Biogen took down the biotech sector."
"Cloud services seen growth driver for Amazon " "Amazon.com Inc's shares surged more than 20 percent in early trading on Friday  adding more than $46 billion to the company's market value  after strong growth in the e-commerce giant's cloud business drove a surprise quarterly profit. | Video "
"Amazon posts anomalous profit  Wall Street swoons " "SAN FRANCISCO Investor enthusiasm for Amazon.com Inc  is pretty consistent: the stock tends to rise  even though the company isn't consistent about making profits."
"Analysis: Amazon posts anomalous profit  Wall Street swoons " "SAN FRANCISCO Investor enthusiasm for Amazon.com Inc is pretty consistent: the stock tends to rise  even though the company isn't consistent about making profits."
"Amazon partners with startups to sell crowdfunded products " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 28 Amazon.com Inc  launched a new platform on Tuesday that will help startups advertise and distribute their products directly to millions of Amazon customers  filling an important gap for entrepreneurs trying to reach a wider market of consumers."
"Alibaba cloud unit sets sights on Amazon in $1 billion global push " "BEIJING China's Alibaba Group Holding Ltd  said on Wednesday it would invest $1 billion into its Aliyun cloud computing arm to challenge Amazon.com Inc's  lucrative Web Services division  opening a global front in the battle between the two e-commerce giants."
"CORRECTED-Alibaba cloud unit sets sights on Amazon in $1 billion global push " "BEIJING  July 29 China's Alibaba Group Holding Ltd said on Wednesday it would invest $1 billion into its Aliyun cloud computing arm to challenge Amazon.com Inc's  lucrative Web Services division  opening a global front in the battle between the two e-commerce giants."
"Clarkson and 'Top Gear' presenters sign with Amazon for new car show " "LONDON Britain's former BBC ""Top Gear"" host Jeremy Clarkson has signed an exclusive deal with Amazon to present a new motoring show for the online retailer's subscription service alongside co-presenters Richard Hammond and James May."
"Clarkson and ""Top Gear"" presenters sign with Amazon for new car show " "LONDON  July 30 Sacked BBC ""Top Gear "" host Jeremy Clarkson has signed a deal with Amazon to present a new motoring show alongside his former co-presenters Richard Hammond and James May."
"UPDATE 1-Clarkson and ""Top Gear"" presenters sign with Amazon for new car show " "LONDON  July 30 Britain's former BBC ""Top Gear"" host Jeremy Clarkson has signed an exclusive deal with Amazon  to present a new motoring show for the online retailer's subscription service alongside co-presenters Richard Hammond and James May."
"UPDATE 3-Vale returns to profit  signals cut to 2016 iron ore outlook " "RIO DE JANEIRO  July 30 Vale SA  the world's biggest iron ore producer  returned to profit in the second quarter  bolstered by higher output and cost cuts as it kept up pressure on Australian rivals in its fight for market share."
"Jill Scott scores Billboard No. 1; Apple Music joins chart providers " "Aug 3 R&B singer Jill Scott scored her second No. 1 album on the U.S. Billboard 200 with her new entry ""Women"" topping the chart this week  as streaming data from Apple Music joined the list of providers who make up the chart."
"New York settles lawsuits on online sales of real-looking toy guns " "NEW YORK A handful of large U.S. online retailers including Wal-Mart Stores Inc and Amazon.com Inc have agreed to pay more than $300 000 in fines for selling realistic-looking toy guys to New York residents  the state's attorney general said on Monday."
"UPDATE 1-New York settles lawsuits on online sales of real-looking toy guns " "NEW YORK  Aug 3 A handful of large U.S. online retailers including Wal-Mart Stores Inc and Amazon.com Inc have agreed to pay more than $300 000 in fines for selling realistic-looking toy guys to New York residents  the state's attorney general said on Monday."
"Growth of ecommerce pushes funds into small-fry shipping firms " "NEW YORK Forget Amazon and its out-of-this-world share price."
"Internet firms to be subject to new cybersecurity rules in EU " "BRUSSELS  Aug 6 Internet firms such as Cisco   Google and Amazon will be subject to a new EU cybersecurity law forcing them to adopt tough security measures and possibly report serious breaches to national authorities  according to a document seen by Reuters."
"Internet firms to be subject to new cybersecurity rules in EU " "BRUSSELS Internet firms such as Cisco   Google  and Amazon  will be subject to a new EU cybersecurity law forcing them to adopt tough security measures and possibly report serious breaches to national authorities  according to a document seen by Reuters."
"Internet firms to be subject to new cybersecurity rules in EU " "Internet firms such as Cisco  Google  and Amazon will be subject to a new EU cybersecurity law forcing them to adopt tough security measures and possibly report serious breaches to national authorities  according to a document seen by Reuters."
"Taiwan's Foxconn plans $5 bln investment over 5 yrs in Indian facility " "MUMBAI  Aug 8 Taiwan's Foxconn  the trade name for Hon Hai Precision Industry Co Ltd  on Saturday signed a pact with India's  Maharashtra state to invest $5 billion over five years on a new  electronic manufacturing facility."
"UPDATE 1-Taiwan's Foxconn plans $5 bln investment over 5 yrs in Indian facility " "* Foxconn looking for local partners for the facility   (Adds comments from Foxconn founder  chief minister  details)"
"Amazon quietly shutters product ads that drove traffic to outside sites " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc quietly shuttered a pay-per-click advertising programme that allowed businesses to divert traffic from the retailer's platform to their own websites on Tuesday  saying it would permanently discontinue the programme in October."
"Amazon quietly shutters product ads that drove traffic to outside sites " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc quietly shuttered a pay-per-click advertising program that allowed businesses to divert traffic from the retailer's platform to their own websites on Tuesday  saying it would permanently discontinue the program in October."
"Amazon quietly shutters product ads that drove traffic to outside sites " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 11 Amazon.com Inc  quietly shuttered a pay-per-click advertising program that allowed businesses to divert traffic from the retailer's platform to their own websites on Tuesday  saying it would permanently discontinue the program in October."
"Overstock chairman has political missions in Washington DC and Utah " "WASHINGTON  Aug 11 This year  Jonathan Johnson is a man with two political missions."
"UPDATE 2-Vale halts Amazon nickel mine output after court order " "RIO DE JANEIRO  Aug 14 Vale SA stopped operations at its Onça Puma nickel mine in Brazil's Amazon after a Brazilian federal court on Friday ordered the halt because of disputed payments to indigenous communities."
"LG Display to focus investment on OLED in next-generation push " "SEOUL  Aug 17 South Korea's LG Display Co Ltd  said on Monday it would focus investment on organic light-emitting diode (OLED) displays  betting on the next-generation technology to steer it clear of price wars and ahead of the competition."
"Amazon expands Prime Now  offers U.S. alcohol for first time " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc  said on Tuesday it will begin delivering wine  beer and spirits to U.S. customers for the first time as part of its speedy delivery service  Prime Now."
"Amazon expands Prime Now  offers U.S. alcohol for first time " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 25 Amazon.com Inc  said on Tuesday it will begin delivering wine  beer and spirits to U.S. customers for the first time as part of its speedy delivery service  Prime Now."
"Amazon expands Prime Now  offers U.S. alcohol for first time " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc  said on Tuesday it will begin delivering wine  beer and spirits to U.S. customers for the first time as part of its speedy delivery service  Prime Now."
"Amazon to launch video streaming service in Japan - Nikkei " "Aug 26 Amazon.com plans to launch its video streaming service in Japan for members of its Prime paid service as it gears up for Netflix Inc's planned entry into the country in September  the Nikkei reported."
"Amazon to launch video streaming service in Japan " "Amazon.com said on Wednesday it plans to launch its video streaming service in Japan for members of its Prime paid service as it gears up for Netflix Inc's planned entry into the country in September."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon to launch video streaming service in Japan " "Aug 26 Amazon.com said on Wednesday it plans to launch its video streaming service in Japan for members of its Prime paid service as it gears up for Netflix Inc's  planned entry into the country in September."
"Amazon's 'Dash' button now effectively free " "Amazon.com Inc said its 'Dash' button  which allows customers to place orders instantly  will now be effectively free."
"Amazon's 'Dash' button now effectively free " "Sept 2 Amazon.com Inc said its 'Dash' button  which allows customers to place orders instantly  will now be effectively free."
"Amazon plans to sell $50 tablet: WSJ " "Online retailer Amazon.com Inc plans to release a $50 tablet in time for the holiday season  the Wall Street Journal reported  citing people familiar with the matter."
"Amazon plans to sell $50 tablet - WSJ " "Sept 7 Online retailer Amazon.com Inc  plans to release a $50 tablet in time for the holiday season  the Wall Street Journal reported  citing people familiar with the matter."
"Amazon jumps into restaurant delivery in Seattle " "SAN FRANCISCO Online retailer Amazon.com Inc said on Tuesday it will begin offering its own restaurant delivery service to Prime members in Seattle  marking its first push into an increasingly crowded market for meal delivery known for razor-thin margins."
"Amazon jumps into restaurant delivery in Seattle " "SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 8 Online retailer Amazon.com Inc said on Tuesday it will begin offering its own restaurant delivery service to Prime members in Seattle  marking its first push into an increasingly crowded market for meal delivery known for razor-thin margins."
"Microsoft  Amazon video to join Disney's cloud movie service " "Sept 8 Walt Disney Co's studio unit said customers of Amazon.com Inc and Microsoft Corp's  video services will get access to the collection on its cloud-based movie storage service from Tuesday."
"Microsoft  Amazon video to join Disney's cloud movie service " "Walt Disney Co's studio unit said customers of Amazon.com Inc and Microsoft Corp's video services will get access to the collection on its cloud-based movie storage service from Tuesday."
"UPDATE 1-Aerojet makes $2 bln offer for Lockheed-Boeing joint venture -sources " "WASHINGTON  Sept 8 Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings Inc has submitted a $2 billion offer to buy United Launch Alliance (ULA)  a spacecraft launch services provider that is a joint venture of Lockheed Martin Corp and Boeing Co  according to sources familiar with the matter."
"Aerojet makes $2 billion offer for Lockheed-Boeing joint venture: sources " "WASHINGTON Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings Inc  submitted a $2 cash billion offer to buy United Launch Alliance (ULA)  a satellite launch provider jointly held by Lockheed Martin Corp  and Boeing Co   sources familiar with the matter said Tuesday  a deal that would further consolidate the space business."
"UPDATE 2-Barnes & Noble sales fall for 5th straight quarter " "* Shares fall as much as 16.6 pct   (Repeats to fix formatting with no changes to text)"
"UPDATE 3-Aerojet makes $2 bln offer for Lockheed-Boeing joint venture -sources " "WASHINGTON  Sept 8 Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings Inc submitted a $2 cash billion offer to buy United Launch Alliance (ULA)  a satellite launch provider jointly held by Lockheed Martin Corp and Boeing Co  sources familiar with the matter said Tuesday  a deal that would further consolidate the space business."
"In North Korea  deals on the bus make markets go round " "SEOUL It's not Amazon or FedEx  but in North Korea's fledgling market economy a fleet of repurposed old passenger buses is the next best thing for moving trade goods  from rice to textiles and livestock  between far-flung corners of the country."
"In North Korea  deals on the bus make markets go round " "SEOUL  Sept 11 It's not Amazon or FedEx  but in North Korea's fledgling market economy a fleet of repurposed old passenger buses is the next best thing for moving trade goods  from rice to textiles and livestock  between far-flung corners of the country."
"Lockheed-Boeing rocket venture expands partnership with Bezos' space firm " "CAPE CANAVERAL  Fla (Reuters) – - United Launch Alliance (ULA)  the biggest supplier of rockets for the U.S. military  will ramp up rocket engine work with Amazon.com Inc  founder Jeff Bezos' space company  the companies said on Thursday."
"Jeff Bezos' rocket company expanding to Florida " "CAPE CANAVERAL  Fla.  Sept 15 Amazon founder Jeff Bezos is ramping up his investment in commercial space  with plans for a rocket manufacturing plant and launch site in Florida  officials said on Tuesday."
"Target challenges Amazon  enters grocery delivery with Instacart " "CHICAGO  Sept 15 Target Corp said on Tuesday it has partnered with Instacart Inc to deliver groceries for as little as $3.99 per order  as it overhauls its food business and competes with Amazon.com Inc's grocery delivery service."
"Target challenges Amazon  enters grocery delivery with Instacart " "CHICAGO Target Corp said on Tuesday it has partnered with Instacart Inc to deliver groceries for as little as $3.99 per order  as it overhauls its food business and competes with Amazon.com Inc's grocery delivery service."
"Boeing rejects Aerojet Rocketdyne bid for ULA launch venture " "NATIONAL HARBOR  Md.  Sept 16 Boeing Co  on Wednesday said it had rejected an unsolicited bid from Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings Inc for United Launch Alliance  a 50-50 rocket launch venture of Boeing and Lockheed Martin Corp."
"Top-performing U.S. large cap fund bets on interest rate hike " "NEW YORK The top-performing U.S. large cap growth fund for the year has prospered by betting on companies positioned to benefit should the Federal Reserve raise interest rates for the first time since the 2008 financial crisis."
"UPDATE 3-Boeing rejects Aerojet Rocketdyne bid for ULA launch venture " "NATIONAL HARBOR  Md.  Sept 16 Boeing Co  on Wednesday said it had rejected an unsolicited bid from Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings Inc for United Launch Alliance  a 50-50 rocket launch venture of Boeing and Lockheed Martin Corp."
"Amazon announces low-cost tablet  new Fire TV " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc on Thursday introduced a $50 tablet  a price tag analysts said was low enough to set it apart in a crowded market and draw more customers to its online services."
"CORRECTED-Amazon rolls out $49.99 ""mass market"" tablet  new Fire TV " "SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 17 Amazon.com Inc  introduced on Thursday a $49.99 tablet  a price tag analysts said was low enough to set it apart in a crowded market and draw more customers to its online services."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon announces low-cost tablet  new Fire TV " "SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 17 Amazon.com Inc  on Thursday introduced a $50 tablet  a price tag analysts said was low enough to set it apart in a crowded market and draw more customers to its online services."
"UPDATE 2-Altice to buy U.S. firm Cablevision for $17.7 bln - sources " "* Deal part of greater consolidation in the U.S. cable TV market   (Adds details on deal; background on sector and industry consolidation)"
"German booksellers seek action on Amazon audio books " "BERLIN  Sept 21 The association of German book sellers accused Amazon and its subsidiary Audible on Monday of building a monopoly in the audio book business as it lodged complaints with the German competition authority and the European Commission."
"Sears names ex-Amazon exec to new fulfillment post " "Sears Holdings Corp named a former logistics executive at Amazon.com to a new senior role as the retailer seeks to revive itself by focusing on a loyalty program that hinges on integrating its online and store operations."
"Sears names ex-Amazon exec to new fulfillment post " "Sept 21 Sears Holdings Corp named a former logistics executive at Amazon.com to a new senior role as the retailer seeks to revive itself by focusing on a loyalty program that hinges on integrating its online and store operations."
"UPDATE 4-'Veep ' 'Game of Thrones' sweep fresh air into TV's Emmys " "* Viola Davis wins Emmy in a first for African-American   (Recasts  adds quotes  additional categories)"
"'Veep ' 'Game of Thrones' sweep fresh air into TV's Emmys " "LOS ANGELES HBO shows ""Game of Thrones"" and ""Veep"" won the top prizes at the Emmy Awards for the first time on Sunday  bringing a breath of fresh air to television's biggest night on an evening that also made history for black actresses."
"Amazon announces TV pilot lineup for fall season " "Amazon.com Inc will launch six TV show pilots for its video streaming service in the United States  the UK  Germany and Austria for the 2015 fall pilot season."
"Amazon announces TV pilot lineup for fall season " "Sept 23 Amazon.com Inc will launch six TV show pilots for its video streaming service in the United States  the UK  Germany and Austria for the 2015 fall pilot season."
"UPDATE 1-Oculus and Samsung unveil new Gear VR for $99 " "Sept 24 Facebook Inc's Oculus and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd unveiled a new version of Gear VR virtual reality headset for $99  half the price of the previous ""Innovator Edition""  and said the product would be available in the United States in time for Black Friday and globally shortly after."
"African nations and donors agree plan to protect Congo forests " "OSLO  Sept 30 Six African nations have agreed with donors on a plan to protect the tropical forests of the Congo basin  the second biggest in the world after the Amazon's  to help ease poverty and combat climate change."
"African nations and donors agree plan to protect Congo forests " "OSLO Six African nations have agreed with donors on a plan to protect the tropical forests of the Congo basin  the second biggest in the world after the Amazon's  to help ease poverty and combat climate change."
"Microsoft turns spotlight on cloud  mobile with new reporting style " "Microsoft Corp joined Amazon.com Inc and Intel Corp in tweaking the way it reports results  a move that will help the software giant show off its growing cloud and mobile businesses."
"Microsoft turns spotlight on cloud  mobile with new reporting style " "Sept 29 Microsoft Corp joined Amazon.com Inc and Intel Corp in tweaking the way it reports results  a move that will help the software giant show off its growing cloud and mobile businesses."
"Wal-Mart expands grocery pickup in battle with Amazon " "Wal-Mart Stores Inc is expanding free grocery pickup service to several markets in the U.S. as it seeks to capitalize on its network of physical stores amid growing competition with Amazon.com and others investing in home delivery. | Video "
"MEDIA-Amazon UK services denies breaking UK air transport rules -FT " "-- Note: Reuters has not verified this story and does not vouch for its accuracy"
"Amazon signs content licensing deal with CBS for three new shows " "Oct 1 Amazon.com Inc signed a content licensing deal with CBS Corp for three new shows  the latest move in the e-commerce giant's attempt to cater to the rising popularity of on-demand content."
"Investment  pricing helped Orbital beat Aerojet for rocket boosters -ULA " "WASHINGTON  Oct 2 Orbital ATK Inc beat out Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings Inc to become the future sole supplier of solid rocket boosters for United Launch Alliance by offering better long-term pricing agreements  substantial cost reductions and more investment  ULA said Friday."
"Etsy doubles down on manufacturing as it faces off with Amazon " "SAN FRANCISCO Etsy Inc  the online store that made its name selling handmade crafts  is trying to stop merchants from defecting as giant rival Amazon.com Inc prepares to attack it on its own ground with a new site for artisanal items called Handmade."
"UPDATE 1-Etsy doubles down on manufacturing as it faces off with Amazon " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 6 Etsy Inc  the online store that made its name selling handmade crafts  is trying to stop merchants from defecting as giant rival Amazon.com Inc prepares to attack it on its own ground with a new site for artisanal items called Handmade."
"Amazon considering online TV service: Bloomberg " "Amazon.com Inc is considering the creation of a live online TV service and has reached out to networks such as CBS Corp and Comcast's NBCUniversal to express interest in carrying their channels  Bloomberg reported."
"Amazon launches data analytics service QuickSight " "Oct 7 Amazon.com Inc's cloud operations  Amazon Web Services (AWS)  has launched QuickSight  a cloud-based service to help companies analyse their data."
"Amazon rolls out new services for cloud " "Amazon.com Inc's cloud business  Amazon Web Services  launched a service on Wednesday to help companies analyze their data  as well as a suitcase-like product that will let them ship large amounts of data for storage on the cloud."
"UPDATE 1-U.S. FAA says it will test ways to track rogue drone flights " "WASHINGTON  Oct 7 The Federal Aviation Administration will test new technology to detect and track rogue drone flights around U.S. airports through a partnership with Arlington  Virginia-based CACI International Inc  the agency said on Wednesday."
"UPDATE 2-Amazon considering online TV service - Bloomberg " "Oct 7 Amazon.com Inc is considering the creation of a live online TV service and has reached out to networks such as CBS Corp and Comcast's  NBCUniversal to express interest in carrying their channels  Bloomberg reported."
"UPDATE 2-Amazon rolls out new services for cloud " "Oct 7 Amazon.com Inc's cloud business  Amazon Web Services  launched a service on Wednesday to help companies analyse their data  as well as a suitcase-like product that will let them ship large amounts of data for storage on the cloud."
"Amazon launches marketplace for handmade goods " "CHICAGO  Oct 8 Amazon.com Inc is launching a marketplace for handcrafted goods on Thursday that will allow customers to buy products made by artisans from more than 60 countries."
"Amazon launches platform to build apps for 'Internet of Things' " "Amazon.com Inc's cloud business  Amazon Web Services  has launched a service to help customers build applications to connect devices through the cloud  the so-called ""Internet of Things""."
"Amazon launches platform to build apps for ""Internet of Things"" " "Oct 8 Amazon.com Inc's cloud business  Amazon Web Services  has launched a service to help customers build applications for connected devices  the so-called ""Internet of Things""."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon launches platform to build apps for ""Internet of Things"" " "Oct 8 Amazon.com Inc's cloud business  Amazon Web Services  has launched a service to help customers build applications to connect devices through the cloud  the so-called ""Internet of Things""."
"Amazon poised to win big as India launches annual festive shopping spree " "* India is biggest overseas source of new customers for Amazon"
"Amazon poised to win big as India launches annual festive shopping spree " "MUMBAI Amazon.com Inc could emerge as the biggest winner from one of India's most important festive - and shopping - seasons  after the e-tailer offered steep discounts  swift delivery and even gold bars to grab market share."
"Amazon poised to win big as India launches annual festive shopping spree " "MUMBAI Amazon.com Inc  could emerge as the biggest winner from one of India's most important festive - and shopping - seasons  after the e-tailer offered steep discounts  swift delivery and even gold bars to grab market share."
"PRESS DIGEST- British Business - Oct 19 " "Oct 19 The following are the top stories on the business pages of British newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy."
"Amazon says creating more than 100 000 jobs for holiday season " "Amazon.com Inc said it is creating 100 000 seasonal jobs across its network of fulfillment and sortation centers in the United States to meet increased customer demand during the holiday season."
"Amazon says creating more than 100 000 jobs for holiday season " "Oct 20 Amazon.com Inc said it is creating 100 000 seasonal jobs across its network of fulfillment and sortation centers in the United States to meet increased customer demand during the holiday season."
"Ebay quarterly revenue falls 2.4 pct " "Oct 21 EBay Inc  facing intensifying competition from Amazon.com Inc as well as from traditional retailers  reported a 2.4 percent fall in revenue in its first quarterly results since the spinoff of its PayPal payments business."
"Amazon posts profit as North America sales jump " "Oct 22 E-commerce giant Amazon.com Inc  reported a profit for the second quarter in a row  propelled by higher sales in North America  its biggest market  and another period of strong growth in its Amazon Web Services cloud business."
"Amazon posts second straight profit powered by Web Services " "E-commerce company Amazon.com Inc  on Thursday recorded a surprise profit for the second quarter in a row  propelled by higher sales in North America and its cloud computing business  and its shares rose 11 percent."
"UPDATE 3-Amazon posts second straight profit powered by Web Services " "Oct 22 E-commerce company Amazon.com Inc  on Thursday recorded a surprise profit for the second quarter in a row  propelled by higher sales in North America and its cloud computing business  and its shares rose 11 percent."
"Amazon posts second straight profit powered by Web Services " "E-commerce company Amazon.com Inc  on Thursday recorded a surprise profit for the second quarter in a row  propelled by higher sales in North America and its cloud computing business  and its shares rose 11 percent."
"US STOCKS-Futures rise after Alphabet  Microsoft  Amazon impress " "Oct 23 U.S. stock index futures were higher on Friday after strong quarterly results from Alphabet  Microsoft and Amazon fueled a broad rally across the technology sector."
"US STOCKS-Indexes higher as China rate cut adds to tech rally " "* Indexes up: Dow 0.68 pct  S&P 0.89 pct  Nasdaq 1.73 pct   (Updates to open)"
"US STOCKS-Tech shares lead sharp gains on Wall St after results " "* Indexes up: Dow 1.0 pct  S&P 1.3 pct  Nasdaq 2.6 pct   (Updates to late afternoon)"
"US STOCKS-Techs lead Wall St higher; S&P 500 erases 2015 loss " "* Indexes up: Dow 0.9 pct  S&P 1.1 pct  Nasdaq 2.3 pct   (Updates to close)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St set to open higher after rate cut in China " "* Futures up: Dow 142 pts  S&P 15 pts  Nasdaq 59.75 pts   (Adds details  comment  updates prices)"
"Wall St Week Ahead-Nasdaq 100 index may see record with Apple earnings due Tuesday " "NEW YORK  Oct 23 The Nasdaq 100 index  dominated by U.S. technology stocks  may set a record high next week  helped by good earnings from Apple Inc expected on Tuesday."
"Nasdaq may see record with Apple earnings " "NEW YORK The Nasdaq 100 index  dominated by U.S. technology stocks  may set a record high next week  helped by good earnings from Apple Inc expected on Tuesday."
"UPDATE 1-With global outlook weak  many U.S. companies tighten belts " "NEW YORK  Oct 26 U.S. companies are far from optimistic that next year will see them get a break from the tough economic and market conditions they have faced in 2015. And that may well hurt capital investment and jobs growth."
"Amazon Prime Now drivers sue for unpaid overtime " "SAN FRANCISCO Four drivers for Amazon.com's Prime Now service filed a proposed class action lawsuit against the company on Tuesday  claiming the online retailer wrongly classified them as independent contractors and owes unpaid overtime."
"Amazon Prime Now drivers sue for unpaid overtime " "SAN FRANCISCO Four drivers for Amazon.com's  Prime Now service filed a proposed class action lawsuit against the company on Tuesday  claiming the online retailer wrongly classified them as independent contractors and owes unpaid overtime."
"Amazon Prime Now drivers sue for unpaid overtime " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 27 Four drivers for Amazon.com's Prime Now service filed a proposed class action lawsuit against the company on Tuesday  claiming the online retailer wrongly classified them as independent contractors and owes unpaid overtime."
"Amazon to stop offering daily deals " "Online retailer Amazon.com Inc said it would stop selling daily deals on its Amazon Local website and app  starting Dec. 18."
"Amazon to open its first-ever physical book store in Seattle " "Amazon.com Inc is set to open its first physical book store in Seattle on Tuesday  the company said."
"Amazon to open its first-ever physical book store in Seattle " "Nov 2 Amazon.com Inc is set to open its first physical book store in Seattle on Tuesday  the company said."
"Amazon expands restaurant delivery service to Los Angeles " "Nov 10 Amazon.com Inc said on Tuesday it will expand its restaurant delivery service to Los Angeles after having recently launched that business in Portland and Seattle."
"Britain's Asda to shun shopping frenzy ""Black Friday"" this year " "LONDON  Nov 10 Supermarket Asda  the British arm of Wal-Mart  said it will not participate in this year's Black Friday shopping frenzy  a year after brawls at one of its stores characterised the arrival of the U.S. import to Britain."
"Amazon debuts in Thomson Reuters 2015 top 100 innovators list " "Nov 12 Online marketplace Amazon.com Inc  made its debut in the 2015 Thomson Reuters Top 100 global innovators list  leaving International Business Machines Corp  the world's largest technology services company  out of the list."
"Amazon debuts in Thomson Reuters 2015 top 100 innovators list " "Online marketplace Amazon.com Inc  made its debut in the 2015 Thomson Reuters Top 100 global innovators list  leaving International Business Machines Corp   the world's largest technology services company  out of the list."
"Amazon debuts in Thomson Reuters 2015 top 100 innovators list " "Online marketplace Amazon.com Inc made its debut in the 2015 Thomson Reuters Top 100 global innovators list  leaving International Business Machines Corp  the world's largest technology services company  out of the list."
"Amazon may export delivery lessons from India to cut costs abroad " "BENGALURU  India E-commerce giant Amazon.com  is taking lessons learnt from its daily battles with India's choked roads and cramped cities to some of its largest developed markets  exporting a model of cheaper deliveries and reduced warehousing costs."
"Amazon may export delivery lessons from India to cut costs abroad " "BENGALURU  India  Nov 13 E-commerce giant Amazon.com is taking lessons learnt from its daily battles with India's choked roads and cramped cities to some of its largest developed markets  exporting a model of cheaper deliveries and reduced warehousing costs."
"CORRECTED-Wal-Mart goes ""deep"" on holiday inventory in bid to boost sales " "SECAUCUS  New Jersey  Nov 12 Wal-Mart Stores Inc  says it significantly boosted its holiday inventory for electronics  toys and other potentially popular products  betting that the promise of being in-stock will attract customers during this crucial shopping season."
"Wal-Mart goes 'deep' on holiday inventory in bid to boost sales " "SECAUCUS  New Jersey Wal-Mart Stores Inc  says it significantly boosted its holiday inventory for electronics  toys and other potentially popular products  betting that the promise of being in-stock will attract customers during this crucial shopping season."
"Amazon may export delivery lessons from India to cut costs abroad " "BENGALURU India E-commerce giant Amazon.com is taking lessons learnt from its daily battles with India's choked roads and cramped cities to some of its largest developed markets  exporting a model of cheaper deliveries and reduced warehousing costs."
"Amazon takes on UK supermarkets with ""Pantry"" offer " "LONDON  Nov 13 Online retailer Amazon  has stepped up the pressure on Britain's traditional supermarkets with the nationwide launch on Friday of a packaged groceries offer for Amazon Prime members."
"Amazon takes on UK supermarkets with 'Pantry' offer " "LONDON Online retailer Amazon has stepped up the pressure on Britain's traditional supermarkets with the nationwide launch on Friday of a packaged groceries offer for Amazon Prime members."
"UPDATE 1-German watchdog probes Apple and Amazon audiobooks agreement " "FRANKFURT  Nov 16 Germany's Federal Cartel Office has begun an investigation into Apple Inc's  arrangement with Amazon for purchasing audiobooks  the competition watchdog said in a statement on Monday."
"REUTERS SUMMIT-Investors see modest equities growth in 2016  ready for Fed rate hike " "* For other news from Reuters Global Investment Outlook Summit  click on http://www.reuters.com/summit/Investment16"
"RPT-REUTERS SUMMIT-Investors see modest equities growth in 2016  ready for Fed rate hike " "* For other news from Reuters Global Investment Outlook Summit  click on http://www.reuters.com/summit/Investment16"
"UPDATE 3-Magnitude 7.6 quakes hit Peru-Brazil border  no damage reported " "LIMA  Nov 24 Two major magnitude 7.6 earthquakes struck the Peruvian-Brazilian border in the Amazon basin within minutes of each other on Tuesday  the U.S. Geological Survey said  but there were no immediate reports of damage."
"Britons chase Black Friday bargains " "LONDON  Nov 27 Britain's shopping streets  out-of-town malls and websites will be awash with discounted goods on Friday as shoppers chase ""Black Friday"" deals in a spending frenzy expected to top last year's record level."
"UPDATE 2-Black Friday crowds thin in subdued start to U.S. holiday shopping " "CHICAGO/PITTSBURGH  Nov 27 America's annual Black Friday shopping extravaganza was short on fireworks this year as U.S. retailers' discounts on electronics  clothing and other holiday gifts failed to draw big crowds to stores and shopping malls."
"UPDATE 2-Target website stumbles on Cyber Monday  rivals out of stock " "CHICAGO  Nov 30 U.S. shoppers seeking to avoid the holiday crowds at bricks-and-mortar stores and snare deals on Cyber Monday came face-to-face with traffic jams and product sellouts  with some customers of Target Corp forced to wait in a virtual line."
"Amazon gadget sales more than triple over Thanksgiving weekend " "Amazon.com Inc said sales of its electronic gadgets more than tripled over the Thanksgiving weekend from last year  with the Fire tablet the top-selling product. | Video "
"Amazon gadget sales more than triple over Thanksgiving weekend " "Dec 1 Amazon.com Inc said sales of its electronic gadgets more than tripled over the Thanksgiving weekend from last year  with the Fire tablet the top-selling product."
"RPT-Protecting forests must become the norm in supply chains - prince " "* Business value of forests estimated at $150 billion annually"
"Target website stumbles on Cyber Monday  rivals out of stock " "CHICAGO U.S. shoppers seeking to avoid the holiday crowds at bricks-and-mortar stores and snare deals on Cyber Monday came face-to-face with traffic jams and product sellouts  with some customers of Target Corp forced to wait in a virtual line. | Video "
"UPDATE 3-Target website stumbles on Cyber Monday  rivals out of stock " "CHICAGO  Nov 30 U.S. shoppers seeking to avoid the holiday crowds at bricks-and-mortar stores and snare deals on Cyber Monday came face-to-face with traffic jams and product sellouts  with some customers of Target Corp forced to wait in a virtual line."
"BRIEF-Comscore says total digital spend on Cyber Monday reached $3.12 bln vs $2.59 bln last year " "* For holiday season-to-date  $27.9 billion has been spent online  a 6 percent increase"
"Protecting forests must become the norm in supply chains: Prince Charles " "PARIS (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Business leaders  environment ministers and even royalty urged companies to eschew raw materials that destroy forests  at the U.N. climate summit in Paris on Tuesday."
"US STOCKS-Dow  S&P 500 slightly lower after Yellen comments " "* Dow down 0.2 pct  S&P down 0.3 pct  Nasdaq up 0.2 pct   (Updates to after Yellen comments)"
"Amazon launches Fire tablet in China " "Amazon.com Inc said its Fire tablet is now available in China for 499 yuan ($78) with access to hundreds of thousands of Kindle books."
"Amazon launches Fire tablet in China " "Dec 3 Amazon.com Inc said its Fire tablet is now available in China for 499 yuan ($78) with access to hundreds of thousands of Kindle books."
"Barnes & Noble reports surprise drop in comparable sales " "Barnes & Noble Inc   the largest U.S. bookstore chain  reported a surprise fall in quarterly comparable store sales  hurt by store closures  lower online sales and weak demand for its Nook tablets."
"Amazon in talks to lease Boeing jets to launch air-cargo business-report " "Dec 18 Amazon.com Inc is negotiating to lease 20 Boeing Co 767 jets to start its own air-delivery service next month  seeking to avoid delays from third-party carriers  the Seattle Times reported  citing cargo-industry executives."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon in talks to lease Boeing jets to launch air-cargo business-report " "Dec 18 Amazon.com Inc is negotiating to lease 20 Boeing Co 767 jets to start its own air-delivery service next month  seeking to avoid delays from third-party carriers  the Seattle Times reported  citing cargo-industry executives."
"CORRECTED-Top 2015 US stock funds stay defensive heading into 2016 " "NEW YORK  Dec 22 Top stock-picking fund managers won 2015 by aiming for brand name companies and avoiding the sector bets that brought down biotech and energy investors."
"US STOCKS-Apple and Amazon deliver rally on Wall Street " "* Indexes up: Dow 1.10 pct  S&P 1.06 pct  Nasdaq 1.33 pct   (Updates to close)"
"US STOCKS-Apple and Amazon push S&P 500 over 1 percent higher " "* Indexes up: Dow 1.18 pct  S&P 1.11 pct  Nasdaq 1.38 pct   (Updates to afternoon)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St falls sharply after China selloff " "* Indexes down: Dow 2.4 pct  S&P 2.4 pct  Nasdaq 2.8 pct   (Updates to early afternoon)"
"Amazon to launch portable version of Echo speaker - WSJ " "Amazon.com Inc expects to release a smaller  portable version of its voice-activated Echo speaker  the Wall Street Journal reported  citing people familiar with the plans."
"France's Louis Vuitton sues counterfeit online sellers in China " "BEIJING French luxury goods firm Louis Vuitton is seeking damages from three people convicted of offering counterfeit versions of its clothing  shoes and handbags on Alibaba Group Holding Ltd's popular Taobao shopping website  a Beijing court said."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon to launch portable version of Echo speaker - WSJ " "Jan 11 Amazon.com Inc expects to release a smaller  portable version of its voice-activated Echo speaker  the Wall Street Journal reported  citing people familiar with the plans."
"The big fund manager mistake of 2015? Being de-FANGed " "BOSTON  Jan 13 Missing out on the hot technology stocks known as the ""FANG"" group last year came back to bite some well-known mutual funds."
"The big fund manager mistake of 2015? Being de-FANGed " "BOSTON Missing out on the hot technology stocks known as the ""FANG"" group last year came back to bite some well-known mutual funds."
"US STOCKS-Wall St drops  led by consumer stocks " "* Indexes down: Dow 0.77 pct  S&P 0.81 pct  Nasdaq 1.26 pct   (Updates to early afternoon)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St rally fades as crude retreats  Amazon weighs " "* Dow down 0.05 pct  S&P up 0.08 pct  Nasdaq down 0.12 pct   (Adds details )"
"US STOCKS-Wall St sells off late  S&P 500 falls below 1 900 " "* Indexes down: Dow 2 pct  S&P 2.2 pct  Nasdaq 2.9 pct   (Updates to late afternoon)"
"Value investors go dumpster diving on Wall Street " "By Trevor Hunnicutt and David Randall     NEW YORK  Jan 13 Not every investor is chagrined by the dismal way the year has started in stocks. Some  like self-described value manager Rupal Bhansali  are gleefully loading up on companies that got beaten down when the whole market sold off at the start of the year.     Bhansali  whose Ariel International Equity Fund  had been socking away cash for just such an occasion  says she is buying in the most battered areas  including the one ide"
"Value investors go dumpster diving on Wall Street " "NEW YORK Not every investor is chagrined by the dismal way the year has started in stocks. Some  like self-described value manager Rupal Bhansali  are gleefully loading up on companies that got beaten down when the whole market sold off at the start of the year."
"Brazil court suspends Amazon hydrodam license on native demands " "RIO DE JANEIRO  Jan 14 A Brazilian court suspended Belo Monte's operating license for its Amazon hydroelectric dam  one of the world's largest  only weeks before owner Norte Energia SA planned to start up turbines  Brazilian prosecutors said on Thursday."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon China approved to provide ocean freight services " "SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 14 Online retailer Amazon.com Inc's China division has registered as an ocean freight forwarder  according to the U.S. Federal Maritime Commission  a move which allows it to coordinate cargo shipments between China and the United States."
"Amazon expands logistics reach with move into ocean shipping " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc's China arm has registered as an ocean freight forwarder  according to the U.S. Federal Maritime Commission  a move that will give it more control over shipping products from Chinese factories to U.S. shoppers."
"Amazon expands logistics reach with move into ocean shipping " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc's China arm has registered as an ocean freight forwarder  according to the U.S. Federal Maritime Commission  a move that will give it more control over shipping products from Chinese factories to U.S. shoppers."
"UPDATE 2-Amazon expands logistics reach with move into ocean shipping " "SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 14 Amazon.com Inc's  China arm has registered as an ocean freight forwarder  according to the U.S. Federal Maritime Commission  a move that will give it more control over shipping products from Chinese factories to U.S. shoppers."
"UPDATE 3-Wal-Mart pulls plug on smallest stores  shuts 269 locations " "Jan 15 Wal-Mart Stores Inc said on Friday that it would pull the plug on its smallest store format  Walmart Express  and close 269 locations as it contends with higher costs in its home market of the United States and disappointing results overseas."
"Britain's FTSE finds its footing as commodity firms rally " "LONDON  Jan 19 UK shares rebounded from closing at their lowest level in three years in the previous session  as weak Chinese GDP figures boosted hopes for further stimulus  sending mining and oil and gas stocks higher."
"Britain's FTSE rebounds from lowest close in three years " "LONDON  Jan 19 UK shares rebounded on Tuesday after closing at their lowest level in three years in the previous session  with mining and oil firms leading the rise after Chinese GDP figures met expectations while leaving room for further stimulus."
"Amazon steps up recruitment as it expands in Europe " "LONDON  Jan 22 Online retailer Amazon  plans to create several thousand jobs in Europe in 2016  more than 2 500 of which will be in Britain  stepping up its expansion in the region  it said on Friday."
"Amazon steps up recruitment as it expands in Europe " "LONDON Online retailer Amazon plans to create several thousand jobs in Europe in 2016  more than 2 500 of which will be in Britain  stepping up its expansion in the region  it said on Friday."
"REUTERS AMERICA NEWS PLAN FOR FRIDAY JAN 22 " "To find stories  search by Slug or Headline Keyword in your CMS or Advanced Search in Media Express."
"UPDATE 1-Freed Iranian-American reporter Rezaian headed to U.S. " "WASHINGTON  Jan 22 Washington Post reporter Jason Rezaian headed home to the United States on Friday  days after being freed from 18 months in prison in Iran as part of a historic prisoner exchange between Tehran and the United States."
"CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-Google to pay $185 mln UK back taxes  critics want more " "LONDON  Jan 23 Google has agreed to pay 130 million pounds ($185 million) in back taxes to Britain  prompting criticism from opposition lawmakers and campaigners who said the ""derisory"" figure smacked of a ""sweetheart deal""."
"Amazon revenue rises 22 pct in holiday quarter " "Jan 28 E-commerce giant Amazon.com Inc  reported a 21.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue  helped by strong holiday-period shopping and robust growth in its cloud services business."
"Amazon says Exclusives store sales top $50 million in first year " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc said that sales on Exclusives  its platform for products not available anywhere else  topped $50 million in less than a year since its launch and the site includes more than 120 brands  the first time it has disclosed the data."
"EBay shares sink as strong dollar  competition hit forecast " "EBay Inc's shares plunged 13 percent on Thursday  after a disappointing holiday-quarter performance and a weak forecast suggested that overwhelming competition from Amazon.com Inc was gutting the one-time Wall Street favorite."
"EBay shares sink as strong dollar  competition hit forecast " "Jan 28 EBay Inc stock plunged 14 percent in premarket trading after a disappointing showing in the holiday quarter and a weak forecast suggested that overwhelming competition from Amazon.com Inc was gutting the one-time Wall Street favorite."
"Investor calls on Yahoo  Viacom to take on 'Buffett-like' partners " "A vocal investor in Yahoo Inc  and Viacom Inc  is calling for the boards of both companies to seek outside investments from strategic partners in the vein of legendary investor Warren Buffett to help boost the value of their stocks."
"Investor calls on Yahoo  Viacom to take on 'Buffett-like' partners " "Jan 27 A vocal investor in Yahoo Inc  and Viacom Inc is calling for the boards of both companies to seek outside investments from strategic partners in the vein of legendary investor Warren Buffett to help boost the value of their stocks."
"UPDATE 1-EBay shares sink as strong dollar  competition hit forecast " "Jan 28 EBay Inc's shares plunged 13 percent on Thursday  after a disappointing holiday-quarter performance and a weak forecast suggested that overwhelming competition from Amazon.com Inc was gutting the one-time Wall Street favorite."
"Amazon shares plunge as record profit still misses estimates " "Amazon.com Inc posted its most profitable quarter ever on Thursday but the world's No. 1 online retailer still managed to disappoint Wall Street by badly missing estimates  sending its shares down more than 13 percent in after-hours trading. | Video "
"Amazon shorts make money with deft timing on Thursday's wild ride " "NEW YORK Amazon.com Inc  shares' unusual roller-coaster move before and after the world's No. 1 online retailer reported quarterly results on Thursday helped some traders make money shorting the stock."
"Amazon shorts make money with deft timing on Thursday's wild ride " "NEW YORK  Jan 29 Amazon.com Inc shares' unusual roller-coaster move before and after the world's No. 1 online retailer reported quarterly results on Thursday helped some traders make money shorting the stock."
"Top U.S. official to meet EU antitrust team on tax " "BRUSSELS - A senior U.S. Treasury official will meet European Union antitrust officials investigating tax deals involving Apple and Amazon on Friday  the latest lobbying effort against a crackdown on U.S. firms."
"Top U.S. official to meet EU antitrust team on tax " "BRUSSELS  Jan 29 - A senior U.S. Treasury official will meet European Union antitrust officials investigating tax deals involving Apple and Amazon on Friday  the latest lobbying effort against a crackdown on U.S. firms."
"UPDATE 4-Amazon shares plunge as record profit still misses estimates " "Jan 28 Amazon.com Inc posted its most profitable quarter ever on Thursday but the world's No. 1 online retailer still managed to disappoint Wall Street by badly missing estimates  sending its shares down more than 13 percent in after-hours trading."
"Worried analysts question Amazon's logistics plans " "SAN FRANCISCO In the wake of Amazon.com Inc's disappointing financial results that sent shares plunging Thursday  analysts blamed rising costs to deliver goods  which increased to $4.5 billion in the quarter  up 24.4 percent from the same quarter last year."
"Worried analysts question Amazon's logistics plans " "SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 29 In the wake of Amazon.com Inc's disappointing financial results that sent shares plunging Thursday  analysts blamed rising costs to deliver goods  which increased to $4.5 billion in the quarter  up 24.4 percent from the same quarter last year."
"Amazon plans hundreds of physical bookstores - CNBC  citing DJ " "Feb 2 Amazon.com Inc is planning to open hundreds of brick-and-mortar bookstores  CNBC reported on Tuesday  citing a Dow Jones report."
"UPDATE 1-Britain's Ocado says overseas deals will come " "* Shares down 40 pct over last year   (Adds CEO  analyst comment  shares)"
"Amazon plans to open up to 400 bookstores  says mall operator " "Amazon.com Inc  plans to open up to 400 physical bookstores  an executive of a major U.S. mall operator said on Tuesday."
"BUZZ-Ocado: another day in red as brokerages back away " "** British online grocer Ocado down c.3 pct & top FTSE midcap loser with at least two brokerages cutting their TPs on stock"
"General Growth Properties CEO clarifies comment on Amazon " "Feb 3 General Growth Properties Inc said on Wednesday that a statement concerning Amazon.com Inc  made by its chief executive  Sandeep Mathrani  was not intended to represent Amazon's plans."
"UPDATE 2-Amazon plans to open up to 400 bookstores  says mall operator " "Feb 2 Amazon.com Inc plans to open up to 400 physical bookstores  an executive of a major U.S. mall operator said on Tuesday."
"Amazon renews credit card deal with JPMorgan " "Amazon.com Inc  the world's No. 1 online retailer  has renewed its long-running credit card relationship with JPMorgan Chase & Co  a spokesman for Amazon said on Thursday."
"Amazon renews credit card deal with JPMorgan - WSJ " "Feb 4 Online retailer Amazon.com Inc  has renewed its long-running credit card relationship with JPMorgan Chase & Co  the Wall Street Journal reported."
"Mall operator CEO backtracks on comments about Amazon bookstores " "The CEO of a U.S. mall operator who said this week that Amazon.com Inc  plans to open up to 400 physical bookstores attempted to downplay his comments on Wednesday  without specifically denying them  saying they were ""not intended"" to represent the online retailer's plans."
"UPDATE 2-Amazon renews credit card deal with JPMorgan " "Feb 4 Amazon.com Inc  the world's No. 1 online retailer  has renewed its long-running credit card relationship with JPMorgan Chase & Co  a spokesman for Amazon said on Thursday."
"UPDATE 2-Mall operator CEO backtracks on comments about Amazon bookstores " "Feb 3 The CEO of a U.S. mall operator who said this week that Amazon.com Inc plans to open up to 400 physical bookstores attempted to downplay his comments on Wednesday  without specifically denying them  saying they were ""not intended"" to represent the online retailer's plans."
"CORRECTED-UPDATE 3-LinkedIn shares dive more than 40 pct  $11 bln wiped out " "Feb 5 LinkedIn Corp's shares plunged as much as 43 percent on Friday  wiping out nearly $11 billion of market value  after the social network for professionals shocked Wall Street with a revenue forecast that fell far short of expectations."
"LinkedIn set to lose $8 bln in market value after weak forecast " "Feb 5 LinkedIn Corp will need to improve its profile to reconnect with investors after the social network for professionals shocked the market with a full-year revenue forecast that fell far short of expectations."
"LinkedIn sheds $11 billion in value on stock's worst day since debut " "LinkedIn Corp's  shares closed down 43.6 percent on Friday  wiping out nearly $11 billion of market value  after the social network for professionals shocked Wall Street with a revenue forecast that fell far short of expectations."
"Tiger Global still likes Internet names  gets pointers from Jeter " "BOSTON  Feb 5 Tiger Global Management still likes Amazon  Netflix and JD.com  which fueled last year's positive returns  even as their stock tumbled in January  leaving the hedge fund with a double digit loss at the start of the year."
"Tiger Global still likes Internet names  gets pointers from Jeter " "BOSTON Tiger Global Management still likes Amazon   Netflix  and JD.com   which fueled last year's positive returns  even as their stock tumbled in January  leaving the hedge fund with a double digit loss at the start of the year."
"US STOCKS-Technology stocks fall  lead losses on Wall St " "* Indexes down: Dow 1.5 pct  S&P 2 pct  Nasdaq 3.3 pct   (Updates to late afternoon)"
"Amazon expands logistics reach in China " "SAN FRANCISCO/SHANGHAI  Feb 9 Amazon.com Inc  is aggressively expanding its logistics operations in China as part of a broader effort to control the rising cost of shipping billions of packages."
"CORRECTED-Fund managers ditch 2015 winners and move toward safety " "NEW YORK  Feb 8 Fund managers who relied on the so-called FANG stocks - Facebook  Amazon.com  Netflix  and Google - to boost their performance numbers in 2015 are cutting ties as the global economy looks weaker than many expected  leaving last year's outperformers in the midst of a deep selloff."
"Amazon expands logistics reach in China " "SAN FRANCISCO/SHANGHAI Amazon.com Inc  is aggressively expanding its logistics operations in China as part of a broader effort to control the rising cost of shipping billions of packages. | Video "
"Top Amazon executive to take 2-year post with Italian prime minister " "ROME  Feb 10 A top executive at Amazon.com  Diego Piacentini  is taking a two-year leave of absence to lead Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi's digital technology office  the company said on Wednesday."
"Top Amazon executive to take two-year post with Italian prime minister " "ROME A top executive at Amazon.com  Diego Piacentini  is taking a two-year leave of absence to lead Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi's digital technology office  the company said on Wednesday."
"Amazon acquires Italy-based software firm " "Amazon Web Services  the cloud computing arm of Amazon.com Inc    said it has acquired NICE  a software developer for technical computing."
"Amazon acquires Italy-based software firm " "Feb 12 Amazon Web Services  the cloud computing arm of Amazon.com Inc   said it has acquired NICE  a software developer for technical computing."
"Amazon acquires Indian payments processor Emvantage " "MUMBAI Amazon.com Inc said it has acquired Indian payments processor Emvantage Payments Pvt Ltd for an undisclosed sum."
"Amazon acquires Indian payments processor Emvantage " "MUMBAI Amazon.com Inc  said it has acquired Indian payments processor Emvantage Payments Pvt Ltd for an undisclosed sum."
"Amazon acquires Indian payments processor Emvantage " "MUMBAI  Feb 16 Amazon.com Inc said it has acquired Indian payments processor Emvantage Payments Pvt Ltd for an undisclosed sum."
"Amazon.com to open new fulfillment center in UK " "LONDON Amazon.com said on Thursday it planned to open a new fulfillment center in Britain  creating 500 new jobs over three years  as the e-commerce company expands its European business."
"Amazon.com to open new fulfillment centre in UK " "LONDON  Feb 18 Amazon.com said on Thursday it planned to open a new fulfillment centre in Britain  creating 500 new jobs over three years  as the e-commerce company expands its European business."
"Exclusive: Amazon expanding deliveries by its 'on-demand' drivers " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc  is quietly inviting drivers for its new ""on-demand"" delivery service to handle its standard packages  as the online retailer known for low prices and razor-thin profit margins looks to speed up delivery times and tamp down its growing multi-billion dollar logistics bill. | Video "
"Amazon to open parcel locker network across Europe " "BERLIN  Feb 19 Amazon.com Inc AMZN.O wants to set up a network of parcel lockers across Europe to enable people to pick up their own orders as it seeks to widen delivery options and cut costs."
"Amazon to open parcel locker network across Europe " "BERLIN  Feb 19 Amazon.com Inc wants to set up a network of parcel lockers across Europe to enable people to pick up their own orders as it seeks to widen delivery options and cut costs."
"Colorado can enforce its 'Amazon tax' law -U.S. appeals court " "A federal appeals court endorsed a Colorado law designed to make it easier for the state to collect sales taxes on out-of-state purchases made over the Internet."
"Colorado can enforce its 'Amazon tax' law: U.S. appeals court " "A federal appeals court endorsed a Colorado law designed to make it easier for the state to collect sales taxes on out-of-state purchases made over the Internet."
"UPDATE 1-Colorado can enforce its 'Amazon tax' law -U.S. appeals court " "Feb 22 A federal appeals court endorsed a Colorado law designed to make it easier for the state to collect sales taxes on out-of-state purchases made over the Internet."
"Sears CEO cites U.S. minimum wage hikes  tax rules as burdens " "Feb 25 Sears Holdings Corp has found it harder to compete  in part because of moves to increase the minimum wage and different tax rules for online retailers like Amazon.com Inc  Chief Executive Officer Eddie Lampert said on Thursday."
"Sears CEO cites U.S. minimum wage hikes  tax rules as burdens " "Sears Holdings Corp  has found it harder to compete  in part because of moves to increase the minimum wage and different tax rules for online retailers like Amazon.com Inc   Chief Executive Officer Eddie Lampert said on Thursday."
"Amazon to support Apple on fight over unlocking iPhone " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc  said on Thursday it will support Apple Inc's  fight against a magistrate's order  which requires it to help the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation break into a San Bernardino shooter's iPhone."
"Amazon to support Apple on fight over unlocking iPhone " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 25 Amazon.com Inc  said on Thursday it will support Apple Inc's fight against a magistrate's order  which requires it to help the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation break into a San Bernardino shooter's iPhone."
"Amazon enters Britain's fresh food market with Morrisons deal " "LONDON  Feb 29 Amazon has struck a wholesale supply deal with British supermarket Morrisons  that will help the online retailer step up its food offering in Britain with fresh and frozen products."
"Amazon to attack UK grocery market with Morrisons deal " "LONDON Amazon has launched its biggest foray into food outside of the United States with a deal with British supermarket Morrisons to offer fresh and frozen goods to customers  in some places as quickly as under one hour. | Video "
"Britain's FTSE recovers as China measures boost miners " "LONDON  Feb 29 Britain's top share index closed in marginally positive territory on Monday  as a rally in mining stocks following new stimulus measures from China - the world's top metals consumer - lent support to the market."
"European Factors to Watch-Shares on track for third straight month of losses " "LONDON  Feb 29 European shares were expected to retreat from a three-week high on Monday and stayed on track for their third-straight month of losses as a weekend meeting of the G20 group of leading economies failed to strike new  concrete measures to boost growth."
"European shares retreat as G20 fails to strike new measures " "LONDON  Feb 29 European shares retreated from a three-week high on Monday and were on track for their third straight month of losses after a weekend meeting of the G20 group of leading economies failed to strike new measures to boost growth."
"European shares retreat as G20 fails to strike new measures " "* Miners up  Fiat leads positive auto sector   (Adds details  updates prices)"
"UPDATE 4-Amazon to attack UK grocery market with Morrisons deal " "* Rival share prices sink on competition fears   (Adds background on Amazon in the US)"
"Amazon drops encryption feature in Fire tablet software " "Amazon.com Inc has quietly dropped support for disk encryption on its Fire tablets  saying the feature that secures devices by scrambling data was not popular with customers."
"Amazon drops support for on-device encryption on some Fire tablets " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 3 Amazon.com Inc. announced it plans to stop supporting on-device encryption for Fire tablets running Fire OS 5  the latest version of its operating system for the gadgets."
"UPDATE 2-Amazon drops encryption feature in Fire tablet software " "March 3 Amazon.com Inc has quietly dropped support for disk encryption on its Fire tablets  saying the feature that secures devices by scrambling data was little used by customers."
"U.S. tech companies unite behind Apple ahead of iPhone encryption ruling " "Tech industry leaders including Alphabet Inc's  Google  Facebook Inc   Microsoft Corp   AT&T  and more than two dozen other Internet and technology companies filed legal briefs on Thursday asking a judge to support Apple Inc  in its encryption battle with the U.S. government."
"Amazon to restore encryption to Fire tablets after complaints " "March 5 Amazon.com Inc said it plans to restore an encryption feature on its Fire tablets after customers and privacy advocates criticized the company for quietly removing the security option when it released its latest operating system."
"Amazon to restore encryption to Fire tablets after complaints " "Amazon.com Inc  said it plans to restore an encryption feature on its Fire tablets after customers and privacy advocates criticized the company for quietly removing the security option when it released its latest operating system."
"Amazon to lease 20 Boeing aircraft for cargo delivery " "March 9 Aircraft lessor Air Transport Services Group Inc said it would lease 20 Boeing 767 freighter planes to Amazon.com Inc as the online retailer looks to operate its own air cargo network."
"Amazon to start air delivery network with leasing deal " "Amazon.com Inc  said on Wednesday it had signed a deal to lease 20 Boeing  767 widebody freighter aircraft to handle more of its own deliveries in the United States."
"Amazon tribe in Peru frees hostages after negotiations " "LIMA An indigenous village in the Peruvian Amazon freed public officials it had been holding hostage to press for help after a ruptured pipeline spilled 1 000 barrels of crude on its lands  the state-owned energy company Petroperu said."
"Amazon tribe in Peru frees hostages after negotiations " "LIMA  March 8 An indigenous village in the Peruvian Amazon freed public officials it had been holding hostage to press for help after a ruptured pipeline spilled 1 000 barrels of crude on its lands  the state-owned energy company Petroperu said."
"BRIEF-Deutsche Post not worried about Amazon foray into delivery " "* CEO- no plans for m&a right now  may do minor buys in future"
"UPDATE 2-Deutsche Post plays down hit to DHL from Amazon's own deliveries " "* Shares down 1 pct  underperform market   (Adds details from news conference  shares  analyst comment)"
"UPDATE 3-Amazon to start air delivery network with leasing deal " "March 9 Amazon.com Inc said on Wednesday it had signed a deal to lease 20 Boeing 767 widebody freighter aircraft to handle more of its own deliveries in the United States."
"REFILE-COLUMN-Invest and chill: Why millennials are such cool investors " "NEW YORK  March 9 Ian Wishingrad may only be 30 years old  but he already considers himself an investing veteran. So when the market began to swoon in early 2016  he kept his cool."
"Amazon being probed for alleged tax evasion in Italy: Bloomberg " "Amazon.com Inc is under investigation in Italy for alleged tax evasion  the company's chief for Italy and Spain  Francois Nyuts told Bloomberg."
"Amazon being probed for alleged tax evasion in Italy-Bloomberg " "March 15 Amazon.com Inc is under investigation in Italy for alleged tax evasion  the company's chief for Italy and Spain  Francois Nyuts told Bloomberg."
"Amazon Web Services says over 1 000 databases moved to cloud since Jan. 1 " "March 15 Amazon.com Inc's cloud business  Amazon Web Services  said that more than 1 000 databases have been moved to the AWS cloud by customers since the beginning of the year."
"Deals of the day- Mergers and acquisitions " "March 15 The following bids  mergers  acquisitions and disposals were reported by 2000 GMT on Tuesday:"
"UPDATE 1-Ocado expects to conclude Morrisons deal this year " "* Amazon also targeting UK online food retail   (Adds CFO comments  analyst comments  share price)"
"BRIEF-Fitbit and Amazon bring voice-enabled features to Alexa " "* Fitbit and Amazon bring voice-enabled health and fitness capabilities to Alexa"
"U.S. SEC says Amazon should allow shareholder vote on gender pay " "March 17 Amazon.com Inc should allow shareholders to vote on a proposal on gender pay equality  the U.S. securities regulator decided this week in rejecting the retailer's request to omit the measure from its annual ballot."
"SEC says Amazon should allow shareholder vote on gender pay " "Amazon.com Inc  should allow shareholders to vote on a proposal on gender pay equality  the U.S. securities regulator decided this week in rejecting the retailer's request to omit the measure from its annual ballot."
"Amazon says some warrants in Air Transport Services exercisable by July 8 " " (This March 18 story corrects headline and paragraph 1 to say that Amazon has warrants to buy 9.99 percent stake in Air Transport Services  not that it has bought that stake)"
"CORRECTED-Amazon says some warrants in Air Transport Services exercisable by July 8 (March 18) " "March 18 Amazon.com Inc said it has warrants to buy a stake in Air Transport Services Group Inc   9.99 percent of which will become exercisable as of July 8 or when Air Transport holds its shareholder meeting - whichever comes first. (http://1.usa.gov/1Zb30XF)"
"Staples' merger with Office Depot hangs in balance at court hearing " "WASHINGTON The fate of Staples Inc's  planned merger with Office Depot Inc   which U.S. antitrust regulators have sued to stop  depends in part on whether a district court judge decides that Amazon.com Inc  will soon become a behemoth in the office supply business."
"Amazon exec weighs in on proposed Staples-Office Depot merger " "WASHINGTON An executive with Amazon.com Inc's  unit that sells office supplies to businesses gave testimony on Tuesday that appeared to bolster a U.S. regulator's wariness over a potential merger of Staples Inc and Office Depot Inc."
"Amazon exec weighs in on proposed Staples-Office Depot merger " "WASHINGTON An executive with Amazon.com Inc's  unit that sells office supplies to businesses gave testimony on Tuesday that appeared to bolster a U.S. regulator's wariness over a potential merger of Staples Inc  and Office Depot Inc ."
"Amazon exec weighs in on proposed Staples-Office Depot merger " "WASHINGTON  March 22 An executive with Amazon.com Inc's unit that sells office supplies to businesses gave testimony on Tuesday that appeared to bolster a U.S. regulator's wariness over a potential merger of Staples Inc  and Office Depot Inc."
"Amazon sues former employee over new job at Target " "Amazon.com Inc  has sued a former executive hired by Target Corp  as its chief supply chain and logistics officer to prevent him from revealing trade secrets."
"Amazon sues former employee over new job at Target " "March 22 Amazon.com Inc has sued a former executive hired by Target Corp as its chief supply chain and logistics officer to prevent him from revealing trade secrets."
"Amazon sues veteran exec hired by Target " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc has sued a veteran logistics executive hired by Target Corp as its chief supply chain and logistics officer to prevent him from revealing trade secrets."
"India's BigBasket raises $150 mln in funding led by Abraaj Group " "MUMBAI  March 22 Indian grocery delivery service BigBasket has raised $150 million in fresh funding in a round led by UAE's Abraaj Group as the company looks to expand its services into smaller cities  the investor said."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon sues veteran exec hired by Target " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 22 Amazon.com Inc  has sued a veteran logistics executive hired by Target Corp  as its chief supply chain and logistics officer to prevent him from revealing trade secrets."
"Amazon.com says review finds women get equal pay at company " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 23 Online retailer Amazon.com Inc said on Wednesday a recent survey of its employees found that female workers earned 99.9 cents for every dollar earned by men in the same positions last year."
"Amazon says its female workers paid equally as men " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc  under pressure from an activist shareholder to disclose its policies on gender pay equality  said on Wednesday its female employees earned as much as their male counterparts  according to a survey it recently conducted."
"UPDATE 2-Amazon says its female workers paid equally as men " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 23 Amazon.com Inc  under pressure from an activist shareholder to disclose its policies on gender pay equality  said on Wednesday its female employees earned as much as their male counterparts  according to a survey it recently conducted."
"Amazon plans two-hour delivery in Berlin -Welt " "FRANKFURT Amazon is preparing to launch a two-hour delivery service in Berlin  German newspaper Welt reported on Saturday  citing Berlin transport sources."
"Amazon plans two-hour delivery in Berlin -Welt " "FRANKFURT  March 26 Amazon is preparing to launch a two-hour delivery service in Berlin  German newspaper Welt reported on Saturday  citing Berlin transport sources."
"Amazon agrees to pay fine for wage law violation by contractor " "Amazon.com Inc agreed to pay over $80 000 in dues and fines after a delivery contractor of the online retailer failed to pay employee wages  Massachusetts' attorney general said."
"Amazon agrees to pay fine for wage law violation by contractor " "Amazon.com Inc agreed to pay over $80 000 in dues and fines after a delivery contractor of the online retailer failed to pay employee wages  Massachusetts' attorney general said."
"Amazon agrees to pay fine for wage law violation by contractor " "March 29 Amazon.com Inc agreed to pay over $80 000 in dues and fines after a delivery contractor of the online retailer failed to pay employee wages  Massachusetts' attorney general said."
"Amazon in talks to buy stake in mapping company HERE -sources " "FRANKFURT  March 31 Amazon is in talks with a consortium of German carmakers about taking a stake in high-definition digital mapping company HERE  two auto industry sources familiar with the matter said on Thursday."
"Otto sales boosted by strong e-commerce in Germany " "BERLIN  March 31 Germany's Otto  Europe's second-biggest e-commerce company after Amazon  reported sales rose 4.3 percent to 12.6 billion euros ($14.32 billion) in 2015/16  helped by booming online trade in its home market but held back by weakness in France and Russia."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon  Microsoft look for big data role in self-driving cars " "* German carmakers BMW  Mercedes  Audi seek new HERE partners"
"BRIEF-Amazon plans to expand Prime Now fast delivery - Bloomberg " "* Prime Now will be run on Amazon's website starting in May  -Bloomberg  Source text - http://bloom.bg/1M7XraK Further company coverage:    (Bengaluru Newsroom: +1 646 223 8780)"
"Amazon CEO says latest Kindle version is ready " "Amazon.com Inc's latest Kindle version is ready and further details could be expected next week  Chief Executive Jeff Bezos tweeted on Monday."
"Amazon CEO says latest Kindle version is ready " "April 4 Amazon.com Inc's latest Kindle version is ready and further details could be expected next week  Chief Executive Jeff Bezos tweeted on Monday. (http://bit.ly/1RAdH4m)"
"Amazon to sell new Kindle with rechargeable protective case - WSJ " "April 5 Amazon.com Inc is set to release a higher-end Kindle version with a rechargeable protective case for a better battery life  the Wall Street Journal reported on Tuesday  citing a person familiar with the matter."
"BRIEF-Amazon.com CEO's 2015 total compensation was $1.7 mln  unchanged from 2014 - SEC Filing " "* Says Chief Executive Officer Jeffrey Bezos' 2015 total compensation was $1.7 million  unchanged from 2014 - SEC Filing"
"BRIEF-Amazon to release new kindle with rechargeable protective case next week company also developing solar-charged kindle case - CNBC  citing DJ " "* Amazon to release new kindle with rechargeable protective case next week company also developing solar-charged kindle case - CNBC  citing DJ  Further company coverage:    (Bengaluru Newsroom +91 80 6749-1130; within U.S. +1 646 223 8780)"
"UPDATE 1-Amazon to sell new Kindle with rechargeable protective case - WSJ " "April 5 Amazon.com Inc is set to release a higher-end Kindle version with a rechargeable protective case for a better battery life  the Wall Street Journal reported on Tuesday  citing a person familiar with the matter."
"Amazon chief Bezos defends corporate culture in letter to shareholders " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 5 In a letter sent to shareholders on Tuesday  Amazon.com Inc's founder and chief executive  Jeff Bezos  defended the online retailer's corporate culture  which was the subject of a critical report by The New York Times last year."
"Amazon chief Bezos defends corporate culture in letter to shareholders " "SAN FRANCISCO In a letter sent to shareholders on Tuesday  Amazon.com Inc's  founder and chief executive  Jeff Bezos  defended the online retailer's corporate culture  which was the subject of a critical report by The New York Times last year."
"Amazon to sell new Kindle with rechargeable protective case: WSJ " "Amazon.com Inc is set to release a higher-end Kindle version with a rechargeable protective case for a better battery life  the Wall Street Journal reported on Tuesday  citing a person familiar with the matter. | Video "
"Daimler confirms HERE in talks with Amazon  Microsoft " "BERLIN Amazon.com and Microsoft are in talks about taking a minority stake in HERE  a digital mapping business controlled by Germany's luxury carmakers to help develop self-driving cars  Daimler said on Wednesday."
"Daimler confirms HERE in talks with Amazon  Microsoft " "BERLIN  April 6 Amazon.com and Microsoft are in talks about taking a minority stake in HERE  a digital mapping business controlled by Germany's luxury carmakers to help develop self-driving cars  Daimler  said on Wednesday."
"UPDATE 1-Hedge fund Tiger Global down 21 pct; Viking off 8 pct " "BOSTON  April 6 Hedge fund Tiger Global Management  known for making big bets on technology companies  slipped modestly in March  leaving it down 21 percent for the first three months of the year  an investor in the fund said."
"Robots set to aid postal workers with deliveries in Germany " "TROISDORF  Germany  April 7 Germany's Deutsche Post is testing robots that could help postal workers cope with increasing numbers of parcels on their delivery rounds  a company manager said on Thursday."
"BRIEF-Amazon.com says Jeff Wilke appointed as CEO of worldwide consumer and Andy Jassy appointed as CEO of Amazon web services- blog post " "* Says Jeff Wilke appointed as CEO of worldwide consumer and Andy Jassy appointed as CEO of Amazon web services- blog post  Source text : (http://amzn.to/1S6nXU6) Further company coverage:    (Bengaluru Newsroom +91 80 6749-1130; within U.S. +1 646 223 8780)"
"Amazon launches new slimmer Kindle e-reader " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc rolled out a new Kindle e-reader on Wednesday  its eighth and slimmest device in the series  with a charger that is built into its cover."
"Amazon launches new slimmer Kindle e-reader " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 13 Amazon.com Inc  rolled out a new Kindle e-reader on Wednesday  its eighth and slimmest device in the series  with a charger that is built into its cover."
"RPT-COLUMN-Cheap oil is blunting drive for fuel efficiency: Kemp " "LONDON  April 12 Fuel consumption is not very sensitive to a small change in prices in the short run  but if the price change is large enough and lasts long enough the amount used can change significantly."
"Amazon launches Fire tablet in 3 new colors with higher storage " "April 21 Amazon.com Inc has launched its Fire tablet in three new colors with higher internal storage."
"Amazon launches Fire tablet in three new colors with higher storage " "Amazon.com Inc has launched its Fire tablet in three new colors with higher internal storage."
"In Asia  Netflix trips on regulation  content  and competition " "SEOUL/JAKARTA  April 22 Months after its global rollout  Netflix Inc is facing problems in several major Asian markets as it struggles to provide enough strong content to attract consumers amid tough local competition  and also faces many regulatory hurdles  underlining concerns about disappointing subscriber numbers reported this week."
"Turner to launch streaming video service for film buffs " "April 26 Turner Communications is expected to announce Tuesday that it is launching its own streaming video-on-demand service for film buffs this fall  according to a company statement reviewed by Reuters"
"Amazon found liable for charges incurred by kids using apps " "WASHINGTON Amazon.com Inc is liable for billing parents for in-app purchases that their children made without permission  a federal judge has judge has decided  in a ruling that resolves accusations similar to ones that Apple Inc and Google Inc settled two years ago."
"Amazon found liable for charges incurred by kids using apps " "WASHINGTON Amazon.com Inc is liable for billing parents for in-app purchases that their children made without permission  a federal judge has judge has decided  in a ruling that resolves accusations similar to ones that Apple Inc  and Google Inc settled two years ago."
"Amazon names Doug Gurr UK country manager " "LONDON  April 27 Online retailer Amazon  on Wednesday named Doug Gurr as the firm's new UK country manager  moving him from the same role in China."
"Amazon names Doug Gurr UK country manager " "LONDON Online retailer Amazon on Wednesday named Doug Gurr as the firm's new UK country manager  moving him from the same role in China."
"UPDATE 2-Amazon found liable for charges incurred by kids using apps " "WASHINGTON  April 27 Amazon.com Inc is liable for billing parents for in-app purchases that their children made without permission  a federal judge has judge has decided  in a ruling that resolves accusations similar to ones that Apple Inc and Google Inc settled two years ago."
"COLUMN-Amazon  the FTC and the dark art of corporate secrecy in court: Frankel " "* The court system in this country is supposed to be open to the public. That's a core principle  codified in the First Amendment and centuries of common law. Yet American corporations constantly push to restrict access to court records."
"Online retail giant Amazon's quarterly revenue surges 28 pct " "April 28 Online retail giant Amazon.com Inc's  quarterly revenue surged 28.2 percent as its Prime loyalty program helped attract more customers and revenue jumped in its cloud services business."
"Amazon profit crushes estimates as cloud-service revenue soars " "Amazon.com Inc  on Thursday reported profit and revenue that blew past analysts' expectations  sending its shares soaring in after-hours trading and demonstrating the growing market power of its core retail business and new cloud services division. | Video "
"Amazon's profit and revenue surge sweeps away doubts " "Amazon.com Inc's  shares jumped in early trading on Friday  a day after the company reported profit and revenue that swept away analysts' estimates along with doubts about the online retailer's investment spree. | Video "
"Amazon bolsters voice based-platform Alexa with investment in TrackR " "Amazon.com Inc  is investing between $250 000 and $500 000 in Bluetooth technology company TrackR to extend the reach of its Alexa virtual assistant  according to a source familiar with the matter"
"Amazon's business marketplace hits $1 billion in sales " "CHICAGO Amazon.com Inc's business marketplace  which connects businesses with suppliers  has generated $1 billion in sales in its first year  making it a significant player in a fragmented industry worth more than $8.2 trillion in the United States."
"BRIEF-Atlas Air Worldwide announces agreement with Amazon " "* Atlas Air Worldwide announces agreement with Amazon to provide air transport service"
"BRIEF-Morrisons says has made first deliveries to Amazon " "* CEO David Potts says firm has supplied first deliveries to Amazon"
"Slower growth dominates picks at hedge fund conference " "NEW YORK Against a backdrop of slower economic growth  prominent hedge fund managers  including Larry Robbins  Stanley Druckenmiller and David Einhorn  said it will take longer for stocks to rise and laid out best ideas that markets barely reacted to."
"Amazon takes aim at YouTube with new video service " "Amazon.com Inc  launched a service on Tuesday that allows users to post videos and earn royalties from them  setting up the world's biggest online retailer to compete directly with Alphabet Inc's  YouTube. | Video "
"UPDATE 2-Amazon takes aim at YouTube with new video service " "May 10 Amazon.com Inc launched a service on Tuesday that allows users to post videos and earn royalties from them  setting up the world's biggest online retailer to compete directly with Alphabet Inc's  YouTube."
"US STOCKS-Amazon puts Wall St on track for best day in a month " "* Indexes up: Dow 1.06 pct  S&P 1.06 pct  Nasdaq 1.03 pct   (Updates with afternoon trade)"
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-S&P 500 has best day in 2 months; Amazon a boost " "NEW YORK  May 10 U.S. stocks ended sharply higher on Tuesday  with a rally in Amazon.com helping propel the S&P 500 to its best day in two months."
"US STOCKS-Wall St rallies  led by financials  energy stocks and Amazon " "* Indexes up: Dow 0.98 pct  S&P 0.89 pct  Nasdaq 0.69 pct   (Adds details  changes comment  updates prices.)"
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Asian stocks tread water on wary outlook; bonds firm " "HONG KONG  May 11 Asian shares hovered near a two-month low on Wednesday  as investors shrugged off an overnight rally in global stocks and looked to bonds in the absence of signs of a sustainable recovery in China and other emerging markets."
"BRIEF-Amazon.com introduces Handmade At Amazon " "* Handmade at Amazon has introduced new product categories of handmade items including accessories  baby and toys & games  Source text for Eikon:  Further company coverage:    (Bengaluru Newsroom: +1 646 223 8780)"
"UPDATE 2-Wal-Mart cuts delivery time for pilot shipping plan " "CHICAGO  May 12 Wal-Mart Stores said Thursday it was shortening the delivery time for an unlimited shipping program it is testing to two days from three as it taps a network of recently built warehouses for packaging online orders."
"BRIEF-Sprint says is including 12-month Amazon Prime membership with Amazon Better Choice XXL plan " "* Beginning Friday  Sprint is including a 12-month Amazon prime membership with Amazon Better Choice XXL plan  Source text for Eikon:  Further company coverage:"
"New Brazil ag minister seen friendly to business  maybe not to Amazon " "SAO PAULO  May 13 Brazil's new Agriculture Minister  agribusiness mogul Blairo Maggi  is expected to make policy in one of the world's leading commodities exporters friendlier for business  though environmentalists may still see him as a threat to the Amazon."
"BRIEF-Amazon to roll out private-label products in coming weeks- CNBC " "* Amazon to roll out private label products in coming weeks including branded nuts  spices  tea  coffee  baby food  diapers  detergents-CNBC citing DJ"
"URGENT-Amazon to launch new private- labels in coming weeks-WSJ " "May 15 Amazon.com Inc will launch new lines of its private-label brands in the coming weeks  the Wall Street Journal reported  citing people familiar with the matter."
"Amazon to launch new private labels in coming weeks: WSJ " "Amazon.com Inc will launch new lines of its private-label brands in the coming weeks  the Wall Street Journal reported  citing people familiar with the matter."
"BRIEF-Omega Advisors dissolves share stake in Amazon  Citigroup " "* Omega Advisors Dissolves Class A Shares Stake In Terraform Global"
"BRIEF-Tiger Global Management cuts share stake in Amazon  ups in Charter Communications " "* Tiger Global Management cuts share stake in Amazon.com Inc to 1 million shares from 3.2 million shares - SEC Filing"
"UPDATE 1-Amazon to launch new private labels in coming weeks - WSJ " "May 15 Amazon.com Inc will launch new lines of its private-label brands in the coming weeks  the Wall Street Journal reported  citing people familiar with the matter."
"BRIEF-Amazon CEO Bezos says AWS has more than one mln customers - CNBC " "* Amazon.com Inc CEO Jeff Bezos says Amazon Web Services has more than one mln customers - CNBC    (Bengaluru Newsroom: +1 646 223 8780)"
"UPDATE 6-Warren Buffett's Berkshire takes $1 bln bite of Apple " "May 16 Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc  revealed a more than $1 billion stake in Apple Inc  in a rare foray into the technology sector  which Buffett has largely shunned apart from a poorly performing investment in IBM."
"Exclusive: EU aims to rule on Amazon's Luxembourg tax deal by July - sources " "BRUSSELS - EU state aid regulators aim to rule on Amazon's  tax deal with Luxembourg by July  two people familiar with the matter said on Thursday  and it may order the country's tax authorities to recover about 400 million euros ($448 million) in back taxes."
"UPDATE 2-Royal Mail turnaround proving expensive in tough UK market " "* Shares fall as much as 5.8 pct   (Adds comments by CEO  further details  updates share price)"
"BRIEF-Amazon to launch fulfillment centers in Tracy and Eastvale " "* Will launch fulfillment centers in tracy and eastvale  creating more than 1 500 new full-time jobs  Source text for Eikon:  Further company coverage:    (Bengaluru Newsroom: +1-646-223-8780)"
"BRIEF-Amazon to open second fulfillment center in Joliet " "* Amazon to open second fulfillment center in Joliet and create 2 000 full-time jobs"
"EU seeks to make buying online abroad easier  postage cheaper " "* EU to ban online discrimination based on country of residence"
"EU seeks to make it easier to buy online from other countries " "BRUSSELS Online retailers would be banned from stopping a customer in one EU country buying from a website based in another  under a proposal issued on Wednesday to make it easier for consumers to shop across the bloc."
"RPT-Smucker takes on supermarkets with bold coffee price cut " "NEW YORK  May 25 When J.M. Smucker Co  the biggest U.S. coffee roaster  changes prices of its popular retail brands  it usually follows big swings up or down in benchmark bean prices."
"Smucker takes on supermarkets with bold coffee price cut " "NEW YORK  May 25 When J.M. Smucker Co  the biggest U.S. coffee roaster  changes prices of its popular retail brands  it usually follows big swings up or down in benchmark bean prices."
"Smucker takes on supermarkets with bold coffee price cut " "NEW YORK When J.M. Smucker Co  the biggest U.S. coffee roaster  changes prices of its popular retail brands  it usually follows big swings up or down in benchmark bean prices."
"UPDATE 2-EU seeks to make it easier to buy online from other countries " "* Separate proposal seeks to make postage more affordable   (Adds eBay  music industry comments)"
"Amazon to deliver fresh food in Berlin soon: Manager Magazin " "BERLIN Amazon plans to start deliveries of fresh food in Berlin in coming months  a magazine reported on Thursday  as the ecommerce giant extends its foray into groceries beyond its home market."
"Amazon to deliver fresh food in Berlin soon - Manager Magazin " "BERLIN  May 26 Amazon plans to start deliveries of fresh food in Berlin in coming months  a magazine reported on Thursday  as the ecommerce giant extends its foray into groceries beyond its home market."
"UPDATE 1-Britain's Debenhams names Amazon's Bucher as new CEO " "LONDON  May 26 Debenhams  Britain's second-largest department store group  on Thursday named Sergio Bucher  an executive at Amazon's fashion business  as chief executive  attracted by his online and international experience."
"REFILE-India's Tata Group enters ecommerce market with apparel and electronics website " "MUMBAI  May 27 India's biggest conglomerate Tata Group launched an ecommerce venture on Friday  as it seeks to cash in on rising purchasing power in a market dominated by deep-pocketed international retailers and startups backed by global tech investors."
"Rocket Internet's sales growth slows as seeks to stem losses " "BERLIN Shares in German ecommerce investor Rocket Internet  slid on Tuesday after it reported that revenue growth slowed sharply in the first quarter at most of its top start-ups as it took steps to try to reduce their losses."
"'Transparent' Renewed for Season 4 by Amazon " "LOS ANGELES (Variety.com) - Amazon has renewed ""Transparent"" for a fourth season  ahead of its third season premiere. Creator Jill Soloway will continue as showrunner  along with executive producer Andrea Sperling."
"UPDATE 3-Rocket Internet's sales growth slows as seeks to stem losses " "* Shares down 5 pct   (Adds comments from call  investor  analyst)"
"BRIEF-Amazon CEO says a billionaire should not be able to fund lawsuit to ""kill Gawker""-Recode conf " "* We are happy to sell competitive products on Amazon-Recode Conference"
"BRIEF-Amazon to open two fulfillment centers and create 1 000 full-time jobs " "* To open two fulfillment centers in Edwardsville  Illinois  and create 1 000 full-time jobs  Further company coverage:"
"UPDATE 2-Tiger Global climbs in May  other funds post gains as well " "BOSTON  June 3 Investment firm Tiger Global  known for making big bets on technology companies  told clients on Thursday that its hedge fund climbed 2.3 percent last month  helping shrink its year-to-date losses  a source familiar with the numbers said."
"BRIEF-Amazon Restaurants launches one-hour delivery on Prime Now in Miami " "* Amazon Restaurants Launches Free One-hour delivery on Prime Now in Miami  Source text for Eikon:  Further company coverage:    (Bengaluru Newsroom: +1-646-223-8780)"
"DEALTALK-Viacom investors look beyond Dauman  betting on suitors " "June 7 Media investors are looking beyond the legal battle between the Redstone family and Viacom Inc O> CEO Philippe Dauman  speculating that a deal for the $18 billion media conglomerate could be on the horizon."
"Viacom investors look beyond Dauman  betting on suitors " "Media investors are looking beyond the legal battle between the Redstone family and Viacom Inc O> CEO Philippe Dauman  speculating that a deal for the $18 billion media conglomerate could be on the horizon."
"Talent shortage stymies Indonesia's tech scene " "SINGAPORE/JAKARTA Indonesian online retailer Bilna spent two years looking for a chief technology officer before it finally discovered Ridy Lie  who had returned home after eight years with Amazon in the United States."
"AmazonFresh cranks up pressure on British supermarkets " "LONDON Amazon  has launched a British version of its U.S. AmazonFresh food delivery service  stepping up the pressure on the traditional big supermarkets already locked in a brutal price war. | Video "
"Amazon launches AmazonFresh food service in parts of London " "LONDON  June 9 Amazon launched a British version of its AmazonFresh food delivery service on Thursday in a long-anticipated move by the world's largest online retailer to break into the UK grocery market."
"BRIEF-Amazon to open office in Minneapolis and create 100 jobs " "* Says to open office in Minneapolis and create 100 full-time  technology-focused jobs"
"Exclusive: Amazon is preparing to launch streaming music service - sources " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc is preparing to launch a standalone music streaming subscription service  placing it squarely in competition with rival offerings from Apple Inc and Spotify  according to two people with knowledge of the matter."
"FAA proposes fining Amazon $350 000 for hazardous package " "WASHINGTON The U.S. Federal Aviation Administration said on Monday it is proposing a $350 000 civil fine against Amazon.com Inc for shipping a product that allegedly violated hazardous materials regulations and injured several UPS workers who handled the package."
"UPDATE 3-U.S. FAA proposes fining Amazon $350 000 for hazardous package " "WASHINGTON  June 13 The U.S. Federal Aviation Administration said on Monday it is proposing a $350 000 civil fine against Amazon.com Inc for shipping a product that allegedly violated hazardous materials regulations and injured several UPS workers who handled the package."
"U.S. FAA proposes fining Amazon $350 000 for hazardous package " "WASHINGTON  June 13 The U.S. Federal Aviation Administration said on Monday it is proposing a $350 000 civil fine against Amazon.com Inc for allegedly violating hazardous materials regulations  the latest in a series of violations."
"BRIEF-athenahealth appoints Tom Szkutak to its board of directors " "* athenahealth appoints Tom Szkutak to its board of directors"
"U.S. cable industry proposes allowing consumers to scrap set-top boxes " "WASHINGTON  June 17 The U.S. pay-TV industry proposed a plan to allow more than 50 million subscribers to ditch costly set-top boxes to get television and video programs to try and convince federal regulators to abandon more far-reaching reforms."
"Spotify monthly active user base reaches 100 million " "STOCKHOLM  June 20 Swedish music streaming service Spotify said on Monday its user base had grown to 100 million  up from 75 million previously  as it pushed into new markets and despite competition from the likes of Apple Music."
"Spotify monthly active user base reaches 100 million " "STOCKHOLM Swedish music streaming service Spotify said on Monday its user base had grown to 100 million  up from 75 million previously  as it pushed into new markets and despite competition from the likes of Apple Music."
"Barnes & Noble looks to new products  marketing to revive sales " "Barnes & Noble Inc  expects new products and marketing initiatives to help it attract customers as the U.S. bookstore chain operator gears up to fight fierce competition from Amazon.com Inc ."
"BRIEF-Amazon announces plans for expansion in Georgia " "* announces plans for expansion in Georgia with new fulfillment center and more than 500 full-time jobs"
"BRIEF-Amazon.com introduces new kindle for $79.99 " "* Introduced all-new kindle for $79.99  Source text for Eikon:  Further company coverage:    (Bengaluru Newsroom: +1-646-223-8780)"
"FAA proposes two new fines against Amazon.com over hazardous shipments " "WASHINGTON  June 22 The U.S. Federal Aviation Administration said on Wednesday it is proposing $130 000 in civil fines against Amazon.com Inc for two new violations of shipping products that allegedly violated hazardous materials regulations."
"FAA proposes two new fines against Amazon.com over hazardous shipments " "WASHINGTON The U.S. Federal Aviation Administration said on Wednesday it is proposing $130 000 in civil fines against Amazon.com Inc for two new violations of shipping products that allegedly violated hazardous materials regulations."
"UPDATE 2-Barnes & Noble looks to new products  marketing to revive sales " "* Shares up about 6 pct after market   (Adds CEO and analyst comments  details; updates shares)"
"Behind those Amazon Prime boxes  a bull market in warehouses " "NEW YORK  June 23 With Amazon and other e-commerce sites continuing to take market share from malls and other physical retailers  U.S. mutual fund managers are upping their bets on an overlooked part of the online shopping boom: warehouses."
"Peru state energy company reports Amazon oil spill " "LIMA An oil spill in the Amazon region of Peru was detected on Friday night  state energy company Petroperu said in a statement on Saturday  adding that measures were being taken to fix the ruptured pipeline and to protect the environment."
"Amazon biodiversity at risk despite Brazil's forest protection law - study " "RIO DE JANEIRO  June 29 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - S elective logging  road building and fires are threatening biodiversity in Brazil's Amazon despite a requirement that rural landowners maintain at least 80 percent of their forest cover in the world's largest rainforest  researchers said on Wednesday."
"BRIEF-Mondadori says Amazon  Harpercollins interested in buying Bompiani " "June 29 Italian publisher Mondadori CEO Ernesto Mauri says:"
"Landing with a bump? Germany's Rocket falls back to earth " "BERLIN/LAGOS When German e-commerce investor Rocket Internet launched Jumia in 2012 as a would-be African Amazon  it was optimistic that a rapidly expanding middle class would quickly shift from street markets to shopping online."
"REFILE-INSIGHT-Landing with a bump? Germany's Rocket falls back to earth " "BERLIN/LAGOS  June 29 When German e-commerce investor Rocket Internet launched Jumia in 2012 as a would-be African Amazon  it was optimistic that a rapidly expanding middle class would quickly shift from street markets to shopping online."
"UPDATE 5-Visa  MasterCard $7.25 bln settlement with retailers is thrown out " "NEW YORK  June 30 A federal appeals court on Thursday threw out a $7.25 billion antitrust settlement reached by Visa Inc and MasterCard Inc with millions of retailers that accused the card networks of improperly fixing credit and debit card fees."
"Visa  MasterCard $7.25 billion settlement with retailers is thrown out " "NEW YORK A federal appeals court on Thursday threw out a $7.25 billion (5.48 billion pounds) antitrust settlement reached by Visa Inc  and MasterCard Inc  with millions of retailers that accused the card networks of improperly fixing credit and debit card fees."
"Visa  MasterCard $7.25 bln settlement with retailers is thrown out " "NEW YORK A federal appeals court on Thursday threw out a $7.25 billion antitrust settlement reached by Visa Inc and MasterCard Inc with millions of retailers that accused the card networks of improperly fixing credit and debit card fees."
"Amazon UK says no Brexit hit to sales so far " "LONDON Amazon has not seen a British sales dip since the vote to leave the European Union  its new UK boss said on Wednesday  after announcing the online retailer would create a further 1 000 jobs across the UK this year."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon UK says no Brexit hit to sales so far " "* To create additional 1 000 UK jobs in 2016   (Adds detail  background)"
"Dividend-focused fund managers find more appeal in U.S. consumer stocks " "NEW YORK  July 7 Fund managers on the hunt for dividends find themselves wading into the shares of consumer companies that typically attract investors looking for growth instead."
"BRIEF-Amazon to open new fulfillment center in Kansas City " "* Says it will open a new fulfillment center in Kansas City  Kansas  Source text for Eikon:  Further company coverage:    (Bengaluru Newsroom: +1 646 223 8780)"
"Italy - Factors to watch on July 11 " "The following factors could affect Italian markets on Monday."
"Wal-Mart offers 'free shipping with no minimum' to tackle Amazon's Prime Day " "July 11 Wal-Mart Stores Inc will offer free shipping with no minimum purchase on all online orders for five days starting on July 11  stepping up its battle against Amazon.com Inc's highly publicized shopping event ""Prime Day""."
"Wal-Mart offers 'free shipping with no minimum' to tackle Amazon's Prime Day " "Wal-Mart Stores Inc  will offer free shipping with no minimum purchase on all online orders for five days starting on July 11  stepping up its battle against Amazon.com Inc's  highly publicized shopping event ""Prime Day""."
"Amazon customers facing difficulty with checkout on Prime Day " "July 12 Amazon.com Inc said some customers were reporting difficulty with checkout after making purchases in its highly publicized ""Prime Day"" shopping event."
"Amazon's Prime Day shoppers encounter checkout snafus " "An Amazon.com Inc shopping event that the online retailer billed as its largest ever had a bumpy start on Tuesday  with some customers unable to add discounted items to their shopping carts and rival retailers aiming for a cut of the buying frenzy."
"Factbox: Tracking Brexit - how referendum shock is affecting UK economy " "LONDON Britain looks set for an economic slowdown and possibly a recession after voters decided to leave the European Union in a referendum on June 23."
"UPDATE 4-Amazon's Prime Day shoppers encounter checkout snafus " "July 12 An Amazon.com Inc shopping event that the online retailer billed as its largest ever had a bumpy start on Tuesday  with some customers unable to add discounted items to their shopping carts and rival retailers aiming for a cut of the buying frenzy."
"U.S. fund managers on hunt for companies that won't be 'Amazon'ed' away " "By David Randall     NEW YORK  July 12 Amazon's long shadow is falling on retailers previously thought immune to the threat of e-commerce  forcing U.S. fund managers to rethink their approach to consumer stocks by focusing on companies whose businesses cannot be upended by the online giant.     At the core of the problem: Amazon.com Inc  once thought of as a place to buy books and household goods  is on track to become the largest apparel retailer in the United States by 2017  accord"
"U.S. fund managers on hunt for companies that won't be 'Amazon'ed' away " "NEW YORK Amazon's long shadow is falling on retailers previously thought immune to the threat of e-commerce  forcing U.S. fund managers to rethink their approach to consumer stocks by focusing on companies whose businesses cannot be upended by the online giant."
"BRIEF-Amazon announces tenth California fulfillment center in Sacramento " "* Amazon announces tenth california fulfillment center in Sacramento"
"Britain's Sainsbury's trials similar concept to Amazon's Prime Now " "LONDON Sainsbury's  Britain's second largest supermarket group  is trialing a one hour home delivery service that is similar in concept to Amazon's 'Prime Now'  it said on Friday."
"BRIEF-Amazon.Com Inc - Kindle announces launch of singles classics " "* Announced launch of singles classics; singles classics are priced from $0.99 and available for free to Kindle unlimited subscribers  Source text for Eikon:  Further company coverage:"
"Amazon enters student loan business in partnership with Wells Fargo " "Amazon.com Inc is entering the student loan business in a partnership with Wells Fargo & Co  offering cheaper rates for loans to Amazon customers who pay for a ""Prime Student"" subscription."
"Amazon enters student loan business in partnership with Wells Fargo " "July 21 Amazon.com Inc is entering the student loan business in a partnership with Wells Fargo & Co   the companies announced Thursday."
"BRIEF-Amazon.com announces lineup for its 2016 comedy pilot season " "* Announced lineup for its 2016 comedy pilot season which will debut august 19 in US  UK  Germany  Austria  and Japan  Source text for Eikon:  Further company coverage:    (Bengaluru Newsroom: +1-646-223-8780)"
"UPDATE 2-Amazon enters student loan business in partnership with Wells Fargo " "July 21 Amazon.com Inc is entering the student loan business in a partnership with Wells Fargo & Co   offering cheaper rates for loans to Amazon customers who pay for a ""Prime Student"" subscription."
"UPDATE 2-Liberty Media CEO made offer for Pandora in recent months - WSJ " "July 21 Liberty Media Corp Chief Executive Greg Maffei made an offer to buy internet radio company Pandora Media Inc in recent months  valuing the company at more than $3.4 billion  the Wall Street Journal reported on Thursday."
"Sweden's Kinnevik says Zalando can withstand Amazon threat " "STOCKHOLM  July 22 Swedish investment firm Kinnevik  which backs Europe's biggest pure online fashion firm Zalando  is confident the retailer can withstand competition from Amazon because it caters to a different type of customer."
"Sweden's Kinnevik says Zalando can withstand Amazon threat " "STOCKHOLM Swedish investment firm Kinnevik  which backs Europe's biggest pure online fashion firm Zalando  is confident the retailer can withstand competition from Amazon because it caters to a different type of customer."
"BRIEF-Amazon  UK government partner on using small drones " "* Amazon and UK government aim for sky with partnership on drones  Source text for Eikon:  Further company coverage:    (Bengaluru Newsroom: +1 646 223 8780)"
"Amazon gets permission from UK to explore drone deliveries " "Amazon.com Inc said on Monday it has entered into a partnership with the British government to speed up the process for allowing small drones to makes deliveries. | Video "
"Amazon launches Prime loyalty program in India " "Amazon.com launched its popular Prime loyalty program in India on Tuesday  three years after its entry into the world's second-most populous country."
"Amazon launches Prime loyalty program in India " "July 26 Amazon.com launched its popular Prime loyalty program in India on Tuesday  three years after its entry into the world's second-most populous country."
"BlackBerry unveils second  cheaper  Android device " "TORONTO BlackBerry Ltd unveiled a second Android-based handset on Tuesday  a device combining Alphabet Inc's popular software and broad app catalog with the Canadian company's security and productivity features at a lower price."
"BRIEF-Amazon plans for new fulfillment center in Illinois " "* Announced plans for a new fulfillment center in Romeoville  Illinois  Source text for Eikon:  Further company coverage:"
"India's Flipkart buys Rocket Internet-backed online fashion store for $70 mln " "MUMBAI  July 26 India's biggest e-commerce firm Flipkart is buying domestic online fashion retailer Jabong from Global Fashion Group for $70 million in cash  the latest consolidation move in the country's e-commerce sector as competition intensifies."
"UPDATE 2-BlackBerry unveils second  cheaper  Android device " "TORONTO  July 26 BlackBerry Ltd   unveiled a second Android-based handset on Tuesday  a device combining Alphabet Inc's popular software and broad app catalog with the Canadian company's security and productivity features at a lower price."
"BRIEF-Amazon says plans for a more than 800 000-square-foot fulfillment center in Florida " "* Says plans for a more than 800 000-foot fulfillment center in Jacksonville  Florida  Source text for Eikon:  Further company coverage:    (Bengaluru Newsroom: +1-646-223-8780)"
"Amazon tops Wall Street targets  lifted by cloud revenue " "Amazon.com Inc posted strong results across its older and newer businesses on Thursday as global Web retail sales and cloud services topped Wall Street targets and the world's largest online merchant forecast revenue would outpace expectations in the current quarter as well."
"Bezos passes Buffett  becomes third-richest person -Forbes " "July 28 Jeff Bezos  the founder and chief executive of Amazon.com Inc  has become the world's third-richest person as of the market close for the first time  Forbes magazine said  passing Warren Buffett  the chairman and chief executive of Berkshire Hathaway Inc."
"BRIEF-Amazon.com posts Q2 earnings $1.78/shr " "* Q2 net services sales $9 288 million versus $6 081 million last year"
"UPDATE 3-Amazon tops Wall Street targets  lifted by cloud revenue " "July 28 Amazon.com Inc posted strong results across its older and newer businesses on Thursday as global Web retail sales and cloud services topped Wall Street targets and the world's largest online merchant forecast revenue would outpace expectations in the current quarter as well."
"U.S. stocks rebound  yen weakens on BOJ stimulus report " "NEW YORK U.S. stocks mostly rose on Thursday in anticipation of results from tech heavyweights Alphabet and Amazon  while the yen eased after Reuters reported the Bank of Japan was considering expanding monetary stimulus to address signs of weak inflation."
"US STOCKS-Wall St edges up; Alphabet and Amazon rise after the bell " "* Amazon  Alphabet up after the bell following quarterly reports"
"Alphabet and Amazon wind up stellar quarter for big tech " "Google parent Alphabet Inc and e-commerce giant Amazon.com Inc capped a blockbuster June quarter for the five biggest U.S. tech companies as their dominance in key markets helped them defy the ""law of large numbers""."
"Bezos passes Buffett  becomes third-richest person: Forbes " "Jeff Bezos  the founder and chief executive of Amazon.com Inc   has become the world's third-richest person as of the market close for the first time  Forbes magazine said  passing Warren Buffett  the chairman and chief executive of Berkshire Hathaway Inc ."
"REFILE-US STOCKS-Tech shares and flaccid GDP growth push S&P 500 to record " "July 29 Wall Street rose on Friday  with the S&P 500 index hitting a record intraday high for the seventh time this month as gains in technology heavyweights Alphabet and Amazon more than made up for losses in energy shares."
"US STOCKS-Tech stocks power Wall St recovery  S&P hits new high " "* Dow down 0.06 pct  S&P up 0.2 pct  Nasdaq up 0.29 pct   (Updates to early afternoon)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St little changed; tech gains offset energy losses " "* Dow down 0.11 pct  S&P up 0.14 pct  Nasdaq up 0.16 pct   (Adds details  comments  updates prices)"
"BRIEF-Amazon.com has added 'Britannia' to its lineup of Amazon Original Series in US and Sky Original Dramas in UK " "* Has added 'britannia'  a drama series  to its lineup of Amazon original series in US and Sky Original Dramas in UK  Source text for Eikon:  Further company coverage:    (Bengaluru Newsroom: +1-646-223-8780)"
"UPDATE 4-Wal-Mart in talks to buy online retailer Jet.com -report " "Aug 3 Wal-Mart Stores Inc is in talks to buy Jet.com  a year-old online rival  as part of a multibillion-dollar revamp of its e-commerce division aimed at boosting online sales growth  the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday."
"UPDATE 2-Amazon Japan raided on suspicion of antitrust practices -Nikkei " "* Amazon Japan accounts for 7.7 pct of Amazon's global net sales Amazon policies also being probed Germany and E.U.   (Adds Amazon Japan net sales  other probes)"
"UPDATE 1-China's JD.com revenue meets expectations as slowdown set to continue " "BEIJING  Aug 10 JD.com Inc  China's second biggest e-commerce company  reported revenue for the second quarter of 2016 that was within company forecasts  even as the growth rate continued a steady decline that is expected to continue."
"BRIEF-Atlas Air commences air transport service for Amazon " "* Atlas Air Worldwide commences air transport service for Amazon"
"UPDATE 2-Zalando says UK market remains attractive after Brexit vote " "* Shares up 2.2 pct to seven-month high   (Adds comments from conference call)"
"Amazon's new UK distribution center to create 500 jobs in 2017 " "LONDON Online retailer Amazon plans to create 500 new jobs when it opens another distribution center in northern England next year  it said on Friday."
"Amazon's new UK distribution centre to create 500 jobs in 2017 " "LONDON  Aug 12 Online retailer Amazon  plans to create 500 new jobs when it opens another distribution centre in northern England next year  it said on Friday."
"BRIEF-Tiger Global Management ups stake in Amazon  cuts in Square " "* Change in holdings are as of june 30  2016 and compared with the previous quarter ended as of march 31  2016"
"Amazon steps up British investment with Tilbury distribution center " "LONDON Online retailer Amazon said it would create 1 500 new jobs in 2017 when it opens a new distribution center in Tilbury  south east England  maintaining its surge of investment in Britain."
"Amazon steps up British investment with Tilbury distribution centre " "LONDON  Aug 18 Online retailer Amazon  said it would create 1 500 new jobs in 2017 when it opens a new distribution centre in Tilbury  south east England  maintaining its surge of investment in Britain."
"BRIEF-Amazon will create more than 1 500 permanent jobs next year at a new fulfilment centre in Tilbury in Essex- Sky News " "* Amazon has announced that the co will create more than 1 500 permanent jobs next year at a new fulfilment centre in Tilbury in Essex- Sky news"
"BRIEF-Hyundai Motor America announces limited-time  first-to-market on-demand vehicle test drive program " "* Hyundai Motor America says in collaboration with Amazon  announces a limited-time  first-to-market on-demand vehicle test drive program"
"Amazon working on music subscription service for $5 a month: Recode " "Amazon.com Inc is working on a music subscription service that would cost about $5 a month and would only work on its Echo hardware  tech news website Recode reported  citing sources."
"CORRECTED-Amazon working on music subscription service for $5 a month -Recode " "Aug 22 Amazon.com Inc is working on a music subscription service that would cost about $5 a month and would only work on its Echo hardware  tech news website Recode reported  citing sources."
"2nd Circuit reinstates suit over Amazon diet-drug sales " "A federal appeals court on Thursday revived a proposed class action brought by a man claiming online retailer Amazon.com Inc sold him a diet drug containing a potentially hazardous substance."
"Amazon launches Amazon Vehicles to help car buyers " "Amazon.com  on Thursday launched Amazon Vehicles  an online platform for users to research on cars  auto parts and accessories."
"Amazon launches Amazon Vehicles to help car buyers " "Aug 25 Amazon.com on Thursday launched Amazon Vehicles  an online platform for users to research on cars  auto parts and accessories."
"UPDATE 2-RTL revenues slide as FremantleMedia disappoints " "* Shares down 1.6 pct   (Adds executive  analyst comment  background  updates shares)"
"German stocks - Factors to watch on August 26 " "FRANKFURT  Aug 26 The DAX top-30 index  looked set to open 0.1 percent lower on Friday  according to premarket data from brokerage Lang & Schwarz at 0609 GMT."
"TUI orders two new cruise ships for expeditions segment " "FRANKFURT  Aug 26 Travel and tourism group TUI  has ordered two new cruise ships for its Hapag-Lloyd cruise business  to meet rising demand for expedition trips to areas such as the polar regions or the Amazon."
"BRIEF-Amazon to open fulfillment center in Monee " "* Amazon to open fulfillment center in Monee  continuing growth in Illinois  Source text for Eikon:  Further company coverage:"
"Brazil's lack of secure property rights stoking conflict  deterring investment - report " "RIO DE JANEIRO  Aug 30 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - In Brazil's Amazon where no-one knows who exactly owns a swathe of territory the size of Ukraine  a lack of formal property deeds is causing conflict  greater deforestation and environmental damage  researchers said on Tuesday."
"Brazil's lack of secure property rights stoking conflict  deterring investment: report " "RIO DE JANEIRO (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - In Brazil's Amazon where no-one knows who exactly owns a swathe of territory the size of Ukraine  a lack of formal property deeds is causing conflict  greater deforestation and environmental damage  researchers said on Tuesday."
"BRIEF-Google is close to winning Paypal's cloud business  beating out Amazon & Microsoft - CNBC " "* Google is close to winning Paypal's cloud business  beating out Amazon & Microsoft -  CNBC citing sources"
"Amazon Dash one-button device arrives in Britain " "LONDON  Aug 31 Seeking to capitalise on Britons too busy or forgetful to shop for household essentials  retail giant Amazon is bringing its thumb-sized  one-button ordering device to the UK."
"Amazon Dash one-button device arrives in Britain " "LONDON Seeking to capitalize on Britons too busy or forgetful to shop for household essentials  retail giant Amazon is bringing its thumb-sized  one-button ordering device to the UK. | Video "
"BRIEF-Amazon and Wells Fargo end student loan partnership - bloomberg " "* Amazon And Wells Fargo ended their partnership to offer college students a discount on private student loans -Bloomberg  Source text - http://bloom.bg/2bK2cHO Further company coverage: [AMZN.O WFC.N]"
"BRIEF-Amazon Restaurants launches free one-hour delivery on Prime Now in Houston " "* Launches free one-hour delivery on Prime Now in Houston  Source text for Eikon:  Further company coverage:"
"BRIEF-Wells Fargo says promotion for Prime Student members with Amazon has ended " "* Wells fargo says promotion for Prime Student members with Amazon has ended; do not disclose the details of agreements with partners   Further company coverage: [AMZN.O WFC.N]"
"EU hits Apple with $14.5 billion Irish tax demand " "BRUSSELS/DUBLIN The European Commission ordered Apple Inc to pay Ireland unpaid taxes of up to 13 billion euros ($14.5 billion) on Tuesday as it ruled the firm had received illegal state aid. | Video "
"RPT-U.S. slams EU  but Apple tax demand first issued in Washington " "* Washington warns $14.5 billion Irish bill may hurt relations"
"UPDATE 7-EU hits Apple with 13 billion euro Irish tax demand " "* GRAPHIC - Apple's tax structure http://tmsnrt.rs/2bxS7Sd   (Adds Apple warning of issue and establishing escrow account)"
"EU's Vestager warns others  says Apple could cut bill " "BRUSSELS Other multinationals that do not employ as extreme Irish tax schemes as Apple Inc but shift profits via the country to tax havens could also be breaching EU rules  Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager said on Thursday."
"LG Elec says to partner with Amazon on smart homes " "SEOUL  Sept 2 South Korea's LG Electronics Inc  said on Friday it is partnering with Amazon.com Inc  on smart-home services  enabling the U.S. company's services such as the Alexa virtual assistant on some of the electronics maker's devices."
"LG Electronics says to partner with Amazon on smart homes " "SEOUL South Korea's LG Electronics Inc said on Friday it is partnering with Amazon.com Inc on smart-home services  enabling the U.S. company's services such as the Alexa virtual assistant on some of the electronics maker's devices."
"CORRECTED-Microsoft offers wide range of cloud services from UK datacentres " "LONDON  Sept 7 Microsoft Corp is introducing a complete set of cloud services from data centres in Britain  its second biggest market for cloud-based software after the United States  as demand for data localisation spreads across Europe and around the world."
"Microsoft offers wide range of cloud services from UK datacenters " "LONDON Microsoft Corp is introducing a complete set of cloud services from data centers in Britain  its second biggest market for cloud-based software after the United States  as demand for data localization spreads across Europe and around the world."
"SAFT ON WEALTH-The trouble with value is the trouble with agents: James Saft " "Sept 7 If you want to understand why value strategies have trouble attracting inflows  look not at investors but at the people they hire."
"The trouble with value is the trouble with agents: James Saft " "If you want to understand why value strategies have trouble attracting inflows  look not at investors but at the people they hire."
"U.S. FCC chief to unveil revised plan to eliminate cable boxes " "WASHINGTON  Sept 7 The top U.S. communications regulator plans on Thursday to unveil a revised plan to allow about 100 million pay TV subscribers to replace expensive set-top boxes with less-costly apps that provide access to television and video programs  two people briefed on the plan said."
"BRIEF-Amazon.com elects Daniel Huttenlocher as a director of company " "* Board of directors of Amazon.com inc elected Daniel P. Huttenlocher as a director of company  Source text for Eikon:  Further company coverage:"
"BRIEF-Amazon expands AmazonFresh's London coverage " "* Says AmazonFresh expands in London  more than doubling coverage since June launch"
"Amazon and Pandora set to launch new music streaming services: NY Times " "Amazon.com Inc  and Pandora Media Inc  are planning to launch new versions of their streaming music services in coming weeks  the New York Times reported on Sunday  citing several anonymous people with knowledge of the matter."
"Amazon and Pandora set to launch new music streaming services -NY Times " "Sept 11 Amazon.com Inc and Pandora Media Inc are planning to launch new versions of their streaming music services in coming weeks  the New York Times reported on Sunday  citing several anonymous people with knowledge of the matter."
"French first-helf online retail sales rose 13 pct " "PARIS  Sept 12 Online retail sales in France rose 13 percent to 35 billion euros ($39.31 billion) in the first half  driven by a growing number of transactions on smartphones and the rise of web-based marketplaces  the French E-Commerce Federation (Fevad) said on Monday."
"RPT-UK grocer Morrisons on cusp of quiet revolution  but doubts remain " "LONDON  Sept 12 While investors have had their sights trained on the biggest names slugging it out in Britain's supermarket price war  one former struggler  Morrisons  may be embarking on a quiet revolution."
"UPDATE 2-Short-seller Chanos calls Tesla-SolarCity merger 'crazy' -CNBC conference " "NEW YORK  Sept 13 The prominent short-seller Jim Chanos  founder of Kynikos Associates  on Tuesday called the proposed merger of Tesla Motors Inc and SolarCity Corp  ""crazy "" noting that the combined company would need constant access to capital markets."
"Amazon launches voice-powered Echo speakers in Britain and Germany " "LONDON Online retailer Amazon brought Echo  its voice-activated smart home controls device to Britain and Germany on Wednesday  hoping the Star Trek-inspired gadget will replicate the success it has seen in the United States."
"Amazon launches voice-powered Echo speakers in Britain and Germany " "LONDON  Sept 14 Online retailer Amazon  brought Echo  its voice-activated smart home controls device to Britain and Germany on Wednesday  hoping the Star Trek-inspired gadget will replicate the success it has seen in the United States."
"BRIEF- Alexa and Amazon Echo now available in UK and Germany " "* Amazon.com Inc says  Alexa and Amazon Echo now available in UK and Germany"
"BRIEF-Twitter launches new app for Apple tv  Amazon Fire tv  Xbox " "* Twitter introduces Apple tv  Amazon Fire tv  and Xbox one apps for live streaming video"
"UK's Waitrose cuts new store plans to invest in food-to-go " "LONDON British upmarket grocer Waitrose has scaled back plans for new stores but will add more cafes and bakeries to existing shops   while owner John Lewis shifts its investment into logistics and technology as online shopping booms."
"UPDATE 2-UK's Waitrose cuts new store plans to invest in food-to-go " "* Capital spending shifts to logistics  technology   (Adds details from conference call)"
"Brazil grants Vale license for Amazon iron ore mine rail branch " "RIO DE JANEIRO Brazil granted Vale SA a 10-year license to operate a 101-kilometer (63-mile) branch line connecting its $14.3 billion S11D iron ore mine project in the Amazon jungle to the Carajas Railway  the company said in a statement on Friday."
"U.S. tax avoidance clampdown a potential headache for Apple " "WASHINGTON Apple Inc and other U.S. multinationals will face new curbs on tax loopholes under a rule imposed by Washington on Thursday  part of a scramble among governments worldwide to bolster their corporate tax bases."
"Britain's May to meet Goldman  Amazon  IBM to discuss post-Brexit investment " "NEW YORK  Sept 19 British Prime Minister Theresa May will meet business chiefs from firms including Goldman Sachs   IBM and Amazon later on Monday in an attempt to reassure investors after Britain's shock vote to leave the European Union."
"Global buyers line up for Naspers' $2.2 billion Polish auction site sale: sources " "LONDON/WARSAW South Africa's Naspers  is set to receive at least four bids for Allegro in a deal that could value Eastern Europe's No.1 auction website at up to $2.2 billion  sources familiar with the talks said on Monday."
"Global buyers line up for Naspers' $2.2 bln Polish auction site sale -sources " "LONDON/WARSAW  Sept 19 South Africa's Naspers  is set to receive at least four bids for Allegro in a deal that could value Eastern Europe's No.1 auction website at up to $2.2 billion  sources familiar with the talks said on Monday."
"UPDATE 1-Britain's May to meet Goldman  Amazon  IBM to discuss post-Brexit investment " "* Britain wants to reassure and hear U.S. investors   (Adds quote from British prime minister  details on economy)"
"UPDATE 3-Britain's May meets Goldman  Amazon  IBM to discuss post-Brexit investment " "* May says she will get the right deal for Britain   (Adds details from meeting  comments from May)"
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks  dollar subdued as Fed  BOJ meetings begin " "LONDON  Sept 20 Shares made modest gains and the dollar lost ground against the yen on Tuesday as investors awaited the outcomes of Federal Reserve and Bank of Japan policy meetings that will conclude on Wednesday."
"UK Stocks-Factors to watch on Sept. 20 " "Sept 20 Britain's FTSE 100 index is seen opening 1 to 7 points lower  or down as much as 0.1 percent on Tuesday  according to financial bookmakers.          * The UK blue chip index closed at 6 813.55 on Monday  up 103.27 points or 1.5 percent  thanks to a rise in commodity-related stocks.      * UNILEVER: Unilever said on Monday it would buy Seventh Generation  a U.S.-based maker of ""green"" home and personal care goods  its latest deal aimed at boosting the faster-growing part of it"
"UPDATE 2-UK Stocks-Factors to watch on Sept 20 " "Sept 20 Britain's FTSE 100 index is seen opening down 1 to 7 points  or as much as 0.1 percent  on Tuesday  according to financial bookmakers  with futures down 0.1 percent ahead of the cash market open."
"Vale says rail delay limits new iron mine output to 75 million tons " "RIO DE JANEIRO Brazil's Vale SA said on Monday output from its new S11D iron ore mine in the Amazon region will be limited to 83 percent of full capacity as efforts to preserve cash and limit transport disruptions crimp a needed railway expansion."
"BRIEF-Amazon.com announces expansion of Handmade at amazon " "* Amazon.com Inc - Announced expansion of Handmade at Amazon  Source text for Eikon:  Further company coverage:"
"Target shakes up online leadership with eye on rivals " "CHICAGO Target Corp  said on Friday its chief digital officer has left the company amid a company overhaul of its e-commerce operations to boost online sales and better compete with larger rivals such as Amazon.com Inc ."
"UPDATE 2-Target shakes up online leadership with eye on rivals " "CHICAGO  Sept 23 Target Corp said on Friday its chief digital officer has left the company amid a company overhaul of its e-commerce operations to boost online sales and better compete with larger rivals such as Amazon.com Inc."
"MEDIA LINK-Amazon announces foray into gaming with 3 games for Twitch " "Oct 1 -  Source link - http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/01/technology/personaltech/amazon-twitch-games.html"
"Amazon seeks to settle EU antitrust e-book investigation: source " "BRUSSELS Amazon is talking to European Union antitrust regulators about settling a year-long investigation into its e-book deals with publishers without a fine  a person familiar with the matter said on Tuesday."
"Amazon seeks to settle EU antitrust e-book investigation - source " "BRUSSELS Amazon is talking to European Union antitrust regulators about settling a year-long investigation into its e-book deals with publishers without a fine  a person familiar with the matter said on Tuesday."
"Amazon seeks to settle EU antitrust e-book investigation - source " "BRUSSELS  Oct 4 Amazon is talking to European Union antitrust regulators about settling a year-long investigation into its e-book deals with publishers without a fine  a person familiar with the matter said on Tuesday."
"E-commerce firms slug it out as Indian festival season kicks off " "MUMBAI  Oct 4 India's two largest e-commerce players are looking to use the country's biggest festive sales season this week to bolster their valuations as they seek fresh capital and look to fend off Amazon's growing inroads into the domestic market."
"Petroperu says it expects oil pipeline to reopen in 4-5 months " "LIMA Peruvian state-owned energy company Petroperu will ask local communities to help protect its oil pipeline from the vandalism that it blames for several leaks in the Amazon this year  the company's new president said Monday."
"Amazon launches reading feature for U.S. Prime members " "Amazon.com Inc on Wednesday launched a new feature for its U.S. Prime members called Prime Reading  which adds a selection of Kindle books  magazines and comics to its loyalty program at no additional cost."
"BRIEF-Amazon.com introducing Prime Reading " "* Prime members now able to read as much as they like from over thousand kindle books  all at no additional cost  Source text: (http://bit.ly/2dsZU1q) Further company coverage:"
"Samsung Electronics to acquire artificial intelligence firm Viv  run by Siri co-creator " "SEOUL  Oct 6 Tech giant Samsung Electronics Co Ltd said on Thursday it is acquiring U.S. artificial intelligence (AI) platform developer Viv Labs Inc  a firm run by a co-creator of Apple Inc's Siri voice assistant programme."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon launches reading feature for U.S. Prime members " "Oct 5 Amazon.com Inc on Wednesday launched a new feature for its U.S. Prime members called Prime Reading  which adds a selection of Kindle books  magazines and comics to its loyalty program at no additional cost."
"Amazon is latest company hit with driver misclassification claims " "A lawyer who has brought high-profile cases alleging that Uber  FedEx and other companies intentionally misclassified drivers as independent contractors is now targeting Amazon.com Inc  claiming in a new lawsuit that the online retailer failed to pay delivery workers the minimum wage and overtime."
"Wal-Mart's next move against Amazon: More warehouses  faster shipping " "CHICAGO Wal-Mart Stores Inc  is accelerating its investment in e-commerce in a bid to narrow the gap with Amazon.com Inc  and to give it an even more dominant position against the rest of the field in retail."
"Amazon to hire 120 000 temporary workers for holiday season " "Amazon.com Inc said it would hire more than 120 000 seasonal workers in the United States for the holiday season  20 percent more than last year  highlighting the growing threat the e-commerce giant poses to traditional retailers. | Video "
"Amazon to hire 120 000 temporary workers for holiday season " "Oct 13 Amazon.com Inc said on Thursday it would hire more than 120 000 seasonal employees across its fulfillment centers  sortation centers and customer service sites in the United States in the upcoming holiday season."
"BRIEF-Amazon creating 120 000 seasonal jobs in customer fulfillment  customer service this holiday season " "* Amazon creating 120 000 seasonal jobs in customer fulfillment and customer service this holiday season  Source text for Eikon:  Further company coverage:"
"GoPro halts sale of HERO5 camera on Amazon " "Oct 13 Wearable camera maker GoPro Inc  said on Thursday it temporarily stopped selling its latest HERO5 camera model on Amazon.com Inc in the United States as the company negotiates pricing with the online retailer."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon to hire 120 000 temporary workers for holiday season " "Oct 13 Amazon.com Inc said it would hire more than 120 000 seasonal workers in the United States for the holiday season  20 percent more than last year  highlighting the growing threat the e-commerce giant poses to traditional retailers."
"Fund managers focus on Prime memberships to gauge Amazon rally " "NEW YORK  Oct 21 The strength of Amazon.com Inc's nearly 75 percent rally since February may depend on how many more brown cardboard boxes end up on the doorsteps of U.S. consumers this fall."
"Fund managers focus on Prime memberships to gauge Amazon rally " "NEW YORK The strength of Amazon.com Inc's nearly 75 percent rally since February may depend on how many more brown cardboard boxes end up on the doorsteps of U.S. consumers this fall."
"UPDATE 1-Fund managers focus on Prime memberships to gauge Amazon rally " "NEW YORK  Oct 21 The strength of Amazon.com Inc's nearly 75 percent rally since February may depend on how many more brown cardboard boxes end up on the doorsteps of U.S. consumers this fall."
"BRIEF-Amazon restaurants launches free one-hour delivery on prime now in Brooklyn " "* Amazon restaurants launches free one-hour delivery on prime now in brooklyn"
"BRIEF-Amazon.com posts Q3 earnings $0.52/shr " "* Amazon.com announces third quarter sales up 29 pct to $32.7 billion"
"Amazon delivery contractor settles on New York back wages " "New York An Amazon.com Inc delivery contractor in New York City has agreed to pay $100 000 in back wages to drivers after making deductions for lunch breaks that the workers never took  the state attorney general's office said on Friday."
"Amazon targets Chinese demand for overseas shopping with Prime launch " "BEIJING Amazon.com Inc has launched a tailored version of its Prime service in China to tap consumer demand for overseas goods  putting the U.S. online retail firm in closer competition with local rivals Alibaba Group and JD.com."
"Amazon targets Chinese demand for overseas shopping with Prime launch " "BEIJING  Oct 28 Amazon.com Inc has launched a tailored version of its Prime service in China to tap consumer demand for overseas goods  putting the U.S. online retail firm in closer competition with local rivals Alibaba Group and JD.com."
"BRIEF-Amazon said to consider bid for stake in Dubai's Souq.com- Bloomberg " "* Amazon said to consider bid for stake in Dubai's Souq.com- Bloomberg  citing sources"
"Ex-delivery drivers claim Amazon was joint employer  owes them overtime pay " "Chicago delivery drivers have sued Amazon.com Inc for unpaid overtime  claiming in a proposed class action that the online retail giant was their ""joint employer"" along with the local delivery company that hired them."
"Samsung to launch AI assistant service for Galaxy S8 " "SEOUL  Nov 6 Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  said on Sunday it would launch an artificial intelligence digital assistant service for its upcoming Galaxy S8 smartphone  seeking to rebound from the Galaxy Note 7's collapse and differentiate its devices."
"UPDATE 1-Samsung to launch AI assistant service for Galaxy S8 " "* Tech firms' competition on AI technology intensifying   (Updates with background on Samsung)"
"BRIEF-Amazon.com's UK website to launch Black Friday sale from Nov 14-Nov 25 " "* Amazon.co.uk  to launch the black Friday sale from 00:00 on Monday 14th November until 23:59 on Friday 25th November  Source text : http://bit.ly/2eOjd6p Further company coverage:"
"Judge orders Amazon refunds for children's in-app purchases " "A federal judge on Thursday directed Amazon.com Inc to set up a year-long process to reimburse parents whose children made in-app purchases without permission  but rejected a U.S. regulator's request for a $26.5 million lump-sum payout."
"BRIEF-Amazon.Com Inc announces expansion of amazon home services " "* Amazon.Com Inc - announced expansion of amazon home services into 20 new metropolitan areas across United States  Source text for Eikon:  Further company coverage:"
"BRIEF-Tiger Global Management raises share stake in Apple  cuts share stake in Amazon " "* Tiger Global Management takes share stake of 283 877 Class C capital stock in Alphabet Inc"
"UPDATE 5-Target expresses confidence about holiday sales; shares rise " "CHICAGO  Nov 16 Target Corp on Wednesday reported a much higher-than-expected quarterly profit after benefiting from a strong back-to-school shopping season and increased online sales  and it gave an optimistic outlook for the all-important holiday period."
"BRIEF-Amazon.com - ""predicts record-setting sales this year from businesses selling on amazon as they prepare for a busy holiday season"" " "* Amazon.com Inc - ""predicts record-setting sales this year from businesses selling on amazon as they prepare for a busy holiday season""  Source text for Eikon:  Further company coverage:"
"BRIEF-Amazon Web Services says worked with developers Virginia Solar  Community Energy Solar on projects " "* Amazon Web Services says worked with developers Virginia Solar  Community Energy Solar on projects  will collaborate with unit of Dominion Resources to operate solar farms long term"
"BRIEF-Amazon dash replenishment adds new device makers and launches new products " "* A new set of device makers joined amazon dash replenishment program"
"Pilots strike at cargo airline serving Amazon  DHL as holidays near " "CHICAGO Pilots at ABX Air  an express cargo airline that serves online retailer Amazon.com Inc and DHL Express  went on strike on Tuesday  a critical time for retailers with the holiday shopping season about to kick into high gear."
"Pilots strike at cargo airline serving Amazon  DHL as holidays near " "CHICAGO Pilots at ABX Air  an express cargo airline that serves online retailer Amazon.com Inc and DHL Express  went on strike on Tuesday  a critical time for retailers with the holiday shopping season about to kick into high gear."
"Trump adds antitrust expert to Justice transition team " "WASHINGTON  Nov 28 A Republican antitrust veteran has been named on Monday to U.S. President-elect Donald Trump's transition team for the Justice Department  a choice that lawyers say signals a more hands-off approach to antitrust enforcement compared to Democratic President Barack Obama."
"Amazon opens line-free grocery store in challenge to supermarkets " "Amazon.com Inc said on Monday it has opened a brick-and-mortar grocery store in Seattle without lines or checkout counters  kicking off new competition with supermarket chains."
"Not 'As Seen on TV': Snuggie maker sues Amazon.com " "NEW YORK Makers of the Snuggie blanket and other products sold mainly on TV have sued Amazon.com Inc  accusing the internet retailer of trademark infringement for letting an ""astronomical"" number of counterfeit products to be sold through its website."
"U.S. top court rejects trade group's challenge to Colorado tax " "WASHINGTON The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday left in place a Colorado law dubbed the ""Amazon tax"" designed to make it easier for the state to collect sales taxes on out-of-state internet purchases  refusing to hear a challenge to it by an industry trade group."
"Amazon launches Prime Video globally  leaves out China " "Amazon.com Inc  launched its video-streaming service  Prime Video  in nearly every country except China on Wednesday  in its biggest challenge yet to Netflix Inc ."
"Union calls new strikes at Amazon's German warehouses " "BERLIN Workers at German warehouses of U.S. online retailer Amazon.com Inc  were called out on strike by labor union Verdi on Wednesday as part of a long-running dispute over pay and conditions."
"Amazon starts flexing muscle in new space: air cargo " "ALLENTOWN  Pa. A cargo plane emblazoned with ""Prime Air"" descended from an empty sky at Lehigh Valley International Airport on Tuesday  ninety minutes from the bustle of New York City  loaded with crates of goods during the peak holiday shopping season. | Video "
"Amazon calls 2016 holiday season its best ever; shares rise " "Amazon.com Inc said it shipped more than 1 billion items worldwide this holiday season  which the top online retailer called its best ever  and its shares rose 1.6 percent in afternoon trade."
"Chinese investors buy stake in mapping firm HERE " "FRANKFURT Two Chinese companies and Singapore's sovereign wealth fund GIC have agreed to buy a 10 percent stake in a digital mapping company controlled by Germany's leading carmakers to help them develop self-driving cars."
"Amazon looks to the sky to store products " "Amazon.com Inc  has filed for a patent to use airships to store products and serve as a base for delivery-drones."
"Run-DMC founder sues Amazon.com  Wal-Mart over trademark " "NEW YORK A founder of Run-DMC on Thursday filed a lawsuit accusing Amazon.com Inc and Wal-Mart Stores Inc of selling a wide variety of clothing and accessories bearing the pioneering rap group's name without permission."
"Amazon doubles deliveries in 2016 for third-party sellers " "Amazon.com Inc  shipped 50 percent more items during the past holiday season than the prior year for third-party vendors and doubled the amount for 2016 overall  the world's largest online retailer said on Wednesday. | Video "
"U.S. department store challenges fail to rattle some investors " "CHICAGO Weak holiday sales by some U.S. department stores have reignited fears that the sector may never recover its growth levels of the past  but some investors are holding out hope for a longer-term recovery."
"Amazon's Alexa moves in on Google's Android system " "Amazon.com Inc’s digital assistant appeared almost everywhere at the CES technology show this week in Las Vegas  even making an unexpected appearance on rival Google’s Android system."
"Amazon's Alexa moves in on Google's Android system " "Jan 6 Amazon.com Inc's digital assistant appeared almost everywhere at the CES technology show this week in Las Vegas  even making an unexpected appearance on rival Google's Android system."
"BRIEF-Amazon Prime Video India enters exclusive agreement with Xilam Animation " "* Amazon prime video India enters exclusive agreement with Xilam Animation to become its subscription partner for streaming several animated kids' series   Further company coverage:    (Gdynia Newsroom)"
"Amazon to add more than 100 000 jobs in U.S. hiring spree " "NEW YORK/WASHINGTON Amazon.com Inc on Thursday said it will create more than 100 000 jobs in the United States  from software development to warehouse work  in its latest move to win over shoppers by investing in faster delivery. | Video "
"Amazon to create 100 000 full-time jobs in US " "Jan 12 Amazon.com Inc said on Thursday it would create more than 100 000 full-time jobs in the United States over the next 18 months."
"BRIEF-Amazon to create more than 100 000 new  full-time  full-benefit jobs across the U.S. " "* Amazon to create more than 100 000 new  full-time  full-benefit jobs across the U.S. Over the next 18 months"
"Morning News Call - India  January 12 " "To access the newsletter  click on the link:    http://share.thomsonreuters.com/assets/newsletters/Indiamorning/MNC_IN_01122017.pdf           If you would like to receive this newsletter via email  please register at: https://forms.thomsonreuters.com/india-morning/               FACTORS TO WATCH     10:00 am: Insolvency and Bankruptcy Board Chairman M.S. Sahoo  State Bank of India Deputy Managing Director Pallav Mohapatra at conference on Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code 2016 in Kolkata.          "
"UK lawmakers criticize Amazon.com's 'Webminster' tube ad campaign " "LONDON  Jan 12 Some UK lawmakers criticized an advertising campaign by Amazon.com Inc on Thursday which involved changing the name signs at London's Westminster underground station  where parliament is located  to 'Webminster'  branding it ""insulting""."
"UK lawmakers criticize Amazon.com's 'Webminster' tube ad campaign " "LONDON Some UK lawmakers criticized an advertising campaign by Amazon.com Inc on Thursday which involved changing the name signs at London's Westminster underground station  where parliament is located  to 'Webminster'  branding it ""insulting""."
"UPDATE 4-Amazon to add more than 100 000 jobs in U.S. hiring spree " "NEW YORK/WASHINGTON  Jan 12 Amazon.com Inc  on Thursday said it will create more than 100 000 jobs in the United States  from software development to warehouse work  in its latest move to win over shoppers by investing in faster delivery."
