"Apple antitrust compliance off to a promising start: monitor " "NEW YORK Apple Inc has made a ""promising start"" to enhancing its antitrust compliance program after being found liable last year for conspiring to raise e-book prices  but more work is required  a court-appointed monitor said Monday."
"Apple antitrust compliance off to a promising start -monitor " "NEW YORK  April 14 Apple Inc has made a ""promising start"" to enhancing its antitrust compliance program after being found liable last year for conspiring to raise e-book prices  but more work is required  a court-appointed monitor said Monday."
"COLUMN-How to avoid the trouble coming to the tech sector " "(The opinions expressed here are those of the author  a columnist for Reuters.)"
"How to avoid the trouble coming to the tech sector " "CHICAGO A resounding shot across the bow has been fired at the tech sector in recent weeks. The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index is down nearly 5 percent in April through Friday's close and the Nasdaq Biotechnology Index is off 21 percent from its record closing high on February 25. Many of the sector's flagships and newcomers have been in the crosshairs."
"Apple cannot escape U.S. states' e-book antitrust cases: judge " "NEW YORK Apple Inc on Tuesday lost an attempt to dismiss lawsuits by state attorneys general accusing it of conspiring with five major publishers to fix e-book prices."
"Apple cannot escape U.S. states' e-book antitrust cases - judge " "NEW YORK  April 15 Apple Inc on Tuesday lost an attempt to dismiss lawsuits by state attorneys general accusing it of conspiring with five major publishers to fix e-book prices."
"Keep Steve Jobs' personality out of trial: tech companies " "SAN FRANCISCO Witnesses at an upcoming trial over no-hire agreements in Silicon Valley should not be allowed to offer evidence that Apple co-founder Steve Jobs was ""a bully "" four major tech companies argued in a court filing."
"Smartphone makers  carriers embrace anti-theft initiative " "NEW YORK  April 15 Major U.S. wireless carriers and smartphone makers have agreed to introduce tools to enable users to lock their devices and wipe them clean of data if stolen  responding to pressure on the telecommunications industry to do more to stem theft."
"UPDATE 1-Keep Steve Jobs' personality out of trial -tech companies " " "
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall St gets lift from Coca-Cola; Nasdaq lags " "NEW YORK  April 15 U.S. stocks ended higher after a volatile session on Tuesday  lifted by gains in Coca-Cola and Johnson & Johnson  though weakness in Apple  Tesla and Netflix limited the Nasdaq's advance."
"Samsung licenses 3D chip manufacturing tech to GlobalFoundries to win more orders " "SEOUL  April 18 Samsung Electronics Co  said on Friday it would license its latest chip manufacturing technology to U.S. firm GlobalFoundries  a move that would help it expand production as it vies with bigger rival TSMC for orders from customers like Apple Inc ."
"UPDATE 1-Patent consortium Rockstar loses bid to move Google case " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 17 A U.S. judge on Thursday rejected a request by patent consortium Rockstar to transfer patent litigation from Google Inc's home turf in California to Texas  according to a court ruling."
"Wall Street Week Ahead: Spring fever brings hope for U.S. earnings " "NEW YORK Earnings season shifts into high gear next week  and with nearly one-third of S&P 500 names set to post results  investors hope the news provides a catalyst to buy stocks and leave the market's recent weakness in the dust."
"Wall St Week Ahead-Spring fever brings hope for U.S. earnings " "NEW YORK  April 17 Earnings season shifts into high gear next week  and with nearly one-third of S&P 500 names set to post results  investors hope the news provides a catalyst to buy stocks and leave the market's recent weakness in the dust."
"Tech workers seek to use Steve Jobs evidence in upcoming trial on no-hire accords " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 17 Four large technology companies should not be allowed to limit evidence about Apple Inc co-founder Steve Jobs at an upcoming trial over no-hire agreements in Silicon Valley  according to a court document filed late on Thursday by employees suing the firms."
"Tech workers seek to use Steve Jobs evidence in upcoming trial on no-hire accords " "SAN FRANCISCO Four large technology companies should not be allowed to limit evidence about Apple Inc co-founder Steve Jobs at an upcoming trial over no-hire agreements in Silicon Valley  according to a court document filed late on Thursday by employees suing the firms."
"Apple  Google vie to offer exclusive game apps: WSJ " "Apple Inc and Google Inc are wooing game developers to ensure that top game titles arrive first on devices powered by their respective operating system  the Wall Street Journal reported  citing people familiar with the matter."
"Apple  Google vie to offer exclusive game apps - WSJ " "April 20 Apple Inc and Google Inc  are wooing game developers to ensure that top game titles arrive first on devices powered by their respective operating system  the Wall Street Journal reported  citing people familiar with the matter."
"Hackers expose flaw in Apple iPad  iPhone software " "BOSTON Hackers have disclosed a bug in software from Apple Inc that security experts said could be exploited by criminals looking to gain remote control over iPhones  iPads and iPod Touch devices."
"Hackers expose flaw in Apple iPad  iPhone software " " * They could develop malware that lets them control devices"
"Samsung estimates Q2 profit down 26 pct " " SEOUL  July 7 Samsung Electronics   the world's top maker of memory chips and televisions  estimated its April-June operating profit would fall 26 percent year on year  as its LCD display business is widely expected to report another loss."
"UPDATE 1-Samsung estimates Q2 profit down 26 pct " " * Sees Q2 op profit at 3.7 trln won vs 3.9 trln won consensus"
"Apple's app downloads race ahead  surpass 15 billion " "NEW YORK Apple Inc customers downloaded more than 15 billion applications in the past three years  the company said on Thursday  releasing figures that suggest the rate of downloads is sharply accelerating."
"Canada eyes Nortel patent sale review- minister " " OTTAWA  July 7 Canadian Industry Minister Christian Paradis said on Thursday that officials in his office are studying whether to formally review a sale of Nortel patents to ensure investment law was properly applied."
"Chinese writers to petition Apple over book downloads-report " " SHANGHAI  July 7 A group of Chinese authors will petition Apple Inc to stop the distribution of their books in electronic format through various applications in Apple's App Store  the 21st Century Herald Tribune reported on Thursday."
"How about a beer with your iPhone? " " MELBOURNE  July 7  - You can do a lot with an iPhone these days -- text  take pictures  surf the net  and even make a phone call."
"How about a beer with your iPhone? " "MELBOURNE  - You can do a lot with an iPhone these days -- text  take pictures  surf the net  and even make a phone call."
"How about a beer with your iPhone? " "MELBOURNE You can do a lot with an iPhone these days -- text  take pictures  surf the net  and even make a phone call."
"HTC limit-down on slower demand  corp governance concerns " "TAIPEI Shares of world No.5 handset maker HTC Corp  plunged on Thursday as investor looked beyond the forecast-beating quarterly net profit to concerns over a slowdown in smartphone demand and the company's corporate governance after its plan to acquire S3 Graphics."
"RIM says adds 1 million EMEA subscribers in 3 weeks " "TORONTO BlackBerry maker Research In Motion said on Thursday it has added more than one million subscribers in Europe  the Middle East and Africa in less than three weeks."
"UPDATE 1-Canada eyes Nortel patent sale review- minister " " * Gives no detail on timeline for decision  (Adds quotes from minister  details)"
"UPDATE 5-Samsung Q2 falls as weak LCDs overshadow mobiles " " * Estimates Q2 sales at 39 trln won vs 40 trln won consensus"
"Analysis: Young startups demand steeper prices from VCs " "SAN FRANCISCO A year ago  Mike Maples's investment firm  Floodgate  was investing in young companies at a pace of two or three every quarter. Now  he's backed just one startup all year and puts a big chunk of the blame on spiraling price tags."
"CORRECTED-UPDATE 1-TSMC  UMC post lower June sales  lack rebound strength in Q3 " " (Corrects headline  lead paragraph to show TSMC  UMC posted  not forecast  lower June sales)"
"PRESS DIGEST - China " " BEIJING/SHANGHAI  July 8 Chinese newspapers available in Beijing and Shanghai carried the following stories on Friday. Reuters has not checked the stories and does not vouch for their accuracy."
"Wynn Resorts  Apple to beat earnings views-StarMine " " NEW YORK  July 8 Wynn Resorts  and Apple  are among companies likely to beat earnings forecasts for the latest quarter  while Canadian Pacific Railways  is likely to miss  Thomson Reuters StarMine forecasts show."
"Apple files fresh patent complaint against HTC " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc has filed a fresh complaint against Taiwanese smartphone maker HTC Corp with a U.S. trade panel over unspecified portable electronic devices and software  according to the panel's web site."
"Apple files fresh patent complaint against HTC " " SAN FRANCISCO  July 11 Apple Inc  has filed a fresh complaint against Taiwanese smartphone maker HTC Corp  with a U.S. trade panel over unspecified portable electronic devices and software  according to the panel's web site."
"CORRECTED - PREVIEW-RIM annual meeting likely to exacerbate investor ire " " (Corrects day of AGM in paragraph 1 to Tuesday from Wednesday)"
"Courts OK Nortel patent sale to Apple/RIM group " "WILMINGTON  Delaware Apple Inc  Microsoft Corp  Research in Motion Ltd and three other leading tech companies received court approval on Monday to buy wireless patents from bankrupt Nortel Networks Corp for $4.5 billion."
"RIM annual meeting likely to exacerbate investor ire " "TORONTO Research In Motion investors desperate for news about how the BlackBerry maker will reverse its sagging fortunes will likely leave Tuesday's annual meeting with their frustrations even more inflamed."
"Target to sell new electronic reader " "   * Device to be fully integrated with Google eBooks platform"
"Target to sell new electronic reader " "SAN FRANCISCO Target Corp will soon start selling a new electronic reader that competes with Amazon.com Inc's Kindle and Barnes & Noble's Nook."
"UPDATE 3-Courts OK Nortel patent sale to Apple/RIM group " " * Money goes to paying off Nortel debts  (Adds background on antitrust concerns in paragraph 16)"
"Apple chief patent lawyer leaving: sources " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc's chief patent counsel will soon leave the company  at a time when the iPhone maker is fighting numerous legal battles around the world  according to sources familiar with the situation."
"DEALTALK-Barnes & Noble won't get better bid than Malone's " " NEW YORK/PHILADELPHIA  July 12 Nearly a year after Barnes & Noble Inc  put itself up for sale  the largest U.S. bookstore chain likely will settle for the only firm offer it has received: $1 billion from John Malone's Liberty Media Corp ."
"Dealtalk: Barnes & Noble won't get better bid than Malone's " "NEW YORK/PHILADELPHIA Nearly a year after Barnes & Noble Inc  put itself up for sale  the largest U.S. bookstore chain likely will settle for the only firm offer it has received: $1 billion from John Malone's Liberty Media Corp ."
"Electronic Arts buying PopCap Games for up to $1.3 billion " "NEW YORK Electronic Arts Inc   the video game publisher  is buying PopCap Games in a deal worth up to $1.3 billion as it tries to ramp up its social and casual games portfolio and better compete with Zynga Inc."
"Google costs in focus after busy quarter " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc's investment spree and shrinking profit margins will draw investor scrutiny when it reports its earnings on Thursday  following an eventful quarter when the company launched the Google+ social network and the government disclosed a probe of its business practices."
"PREVIEW-Google costs in focus after busy quarter " " SAN FRANCISCO  July 12 Google Inc's  investment spree and shrinking profit margins will draw investor scrutiny when it reports its earnings on Thursday  following an eventful quarter when the company launched the Google+ social network and the government disclosed a probe of its business practices."
"RIM could do better as two businesses: analyst " "TORONTO BlackBerry maker Research In Motion should split itself in two to liberate locked-in value and speed up innovation at a company that has lagged its competitors  a brokerage said on Tuesday."
"UPDATE 5-Electronic Arts buying PopCap Games for up to $1.3 bln " " * EA paying $750 mln upfront  more in performance targets"
"WRAPUP 1-Semiconductor worries fester after warnings " " SAN FRANCISCO  July 12 Chip manufacturing equipment maker Applied Materials Inc  said tough economic conditions are hurting demand  adding to semiconductor worries after warnings by Novellus Systems Inc  and Microchip Technology Inc ."
"WRAPUP 2-Semiconductor worries fester after warnings " " * Shares fall on sector worries  (Adds detail on KLA-Tencor  updates stock prices)"
"Amazon tablet seen aiming to widen e-commerce lead " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc will launch a tablet computer this year to extend its position as the world's largest Internet retailer  expand in mobile commerce and sell more digital goods  according to analysts and investors."
"Electronic Arts buying PopCap Games for up to $1.3 billion " "NEW YORK Electronic Arts Inc  the video game publisher  is buying PopCap Games in a deal worth up to $1.3 billion as it tries to ramp up its social and casual games portfolio and better compete with Zynga Inc."
"Exclusive: China Telecom plans iPhone launch near year-end " "HONG KONG China Telecom Corp Ltd plans to offer its 106 million subscribers the Apple Inc iPhone by the end of 2011  sources said on Wednesday  which would make it the second operator to do so in the world's largest mobile phone market."
"Exclusive: China Telecom plans iPhone launch year-end " "HONG KONG China Telecom Corp Ltd plans to offer its 106 million subscribers the Apple Inc iPhone by the end of 2011  sources said on Wednesday  which would make it the second operator to do so in the world's largest mobile phone market."
"Glu Mobile shares gain on Electronic Arts' PopCap Games buy " "BANGALORE Shares of Glu Mobile Inc   which makes games for tablets and smartphones  jumped about 13 percent to a near four-year high  a day after Electronic Arts Inc  bought Glu Mobile's peer PopCap Games for $1.3 billion."
"Glu Mobile shares gain on Electronic Arts' PopCap Games buy " "BANGALORE Shares of Glu Mobile Inc  which makes games for tablets and smartphones  jumped about 13 percent to a near four-year high  a day after Electronic Arts Inc bought Glu Mobile's peer PopCap Games for $1.3 billion."
"JP Morgan upbeat on internet companies " "Bangalore U.S. Internet companies will see double-digit growth in online advertising and e-commerce segments in coming years  helped by a surge in online accessibility through mobile devices and tablets  JP Morgan said  and initiated five major Internet stocks including Netflix   Google  and Amazon ."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon to offer cheaper Kindle  sponsored by AT&T " " NEW YORK  July 13 Amazon.com Inc  said on Wednesday it has struck a sponsorship deal with AT&T Inc  to sell a less expensive version of its Kindle 3G digital reader."
"UPDATE 3-Amazon tablet seen aiming to widen e-commerce lead " " * Tablet to be released by October  to run on Android -WSJ"
"Apple pays S.Korean user compensation over iPhone tracking-court " "SEOUL Apple Inc's  Korean unit has paid compensation to a user of its popular iPhone after collecting location data without consent  lawyers and court officials said  the first payout by the U.S. company over these complaints."
"Apple pays S.Korean user compensation over iPhone tracking-court " " SEOUL  July 14 Apple Inc's Korean unit has paid compensation to a user of its popular iPhone after collecting location data without consent  lawyers and court officials said  the first payout by the U.S. company over these complaints."
"Apple pays S.Korean user compensation over iPhone tracking " "SEOUL Apple Inc's Korean unit has paid compensation to a user of its popular iPhone after collecting location data without consent  lawyers and court officials said  the first payout by the company over these complaints."
"Google margins  new social product in spotlight " " SAN FRANCISCO  July 13 Google Inc's  profit margins and its newly released social networking service will be in the investor spotlight when the Internet company reports its quarterly results after Thursday's market close."
"Google smashes Street expectations  shares surge " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc's results soundly trounced Wall Street's most bullish expectations  sending its shares up 12 percent and easing concerns that its battle with Facebook and Twitter is costing too much and hindering growth. | Video "
"PRESS DIGEST - Wall Street Journal - July 14 " " July 14 The following were the top stories in The Wall Street Journal on Thursday. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy."
"Spotify to launch in US after long wait " " NEW YORK  July 13 Spotify  the popular European music service  is set to launch in the United States on Thursday the company said."
"Spotify to launch in US after long wait " "NEW YORK Spotify  the popular European music service  is set to launch in the United States on Thursday the company said. | Video "
"UPDATE 1-Apple pays S.Korean user compensation over iPhone tracking-court " " * Payout is first related to unauthorised collection of location data   (Adds no comment from Apple Korea spokesman  detail on U.S. suits)"
"UPDATE 5-Google smashes Street expectations  shares surge " " * Emerging products can generate huge business - Page  (Adds details from call)"
"Apple fixes security flaw in iPhone  iPad software " "BOSTON Apple Inc has plugged a hole in the software that runs iPhones  iPads and iPod Touch music players that could allow hackers to take remote control of those devices."
"Apple fixes security flaw in iPhone  iPad software " "BOSTON  July 15 Apple Inc  has plugged a hole in the software that runs iPhones  iPads and iPod Touch music players that could allow hackers to take remote control of those devices."
"Apple stock looks cheap ahead of results " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc  should deliver yet another bumper quarter  but some investors are holding out for a monstrous second half when the new iPhone hits and a new online content service takes wing."
"Apple wins initial ITC ruling on HTC phone " "WASHINGTON/SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc won a preliminary ruling from a U.S. trade panel that Taiwanese handset maker HTC Corp infringed on two of the California company's patents."
"Investors toast Google results  shares surge " "BANGALORE/LOS ANGELES Shares of Google Inc surged as much as 13.5 percent on Friday  a day after blockbuster results and signs of success in mobile and social networking revived hopes the Internet titan was getting back on a growth track. | Video "
"PREVIEW-Apple stock looks cheap ahead of results " " * Market awaits new iPhone  iPad supply crunch seen easing"
"UPDATE 2-Apple wins initial ITC ruling on HTC phone " " * HTC says it will ""vigorously fight"" infringement finding  (Rewrites first line  adds details on the case  Apple comment and background)"
"Wall St Week Ahead-Stocks stymied without a US debt deal " " NEW YORK  July 15 U.S. stocks will be hard pressed to turn the tide of recent selling next week as political jousting over raising the United States' debt ceiling intensifies."
"Yellen  Fed board's most affluent  has iPad too " " WASHINGTON  July 15 You may not be able to eat an iPad  but if you're a top Federal Reserve policymaker  you can get one as a going-away present."
"Yellen  Fed board's most affluent  has iPad too " "WASHINGTON You may not be able to eat an iPad  but if you're a top Federal Reserve policymaker  you can get one as a going-away present."
"Stocks stymied without a U.S. debt deal " "NEW YORK Stocks will be hard pressed to turn the tide of recent selling next week as political jousting over raising the United States' debt ceiling intensifies."
"Analysis: Google antitrust watchers: Place your bets  please " "SAN FRANCISCO The antitrust probe into Google Inc  could hem in its growth ambitions for years  even if regulators do not unleash their most formidable weapons: Seeking a breakup of the Internet giant or exerting control over its cherished search algorithm."
"RPT-Wall St Week Ahead: Stocks stymied without a US debt deal " " NEW YORK  July 17 U.S. stocks will be hard pressed to turn the tide of recent selling this week as political jousting over raising the United States' debt ceiling intensifies."
"Stocks stymied without a debt deal " "NEW YORK Stocks will be hard pressed to turn the tide of recent selling this week as political jousting over raising the United States' debt ceiling intensifies."
"Analysis: Google antitrust watchers: Place your bets  please " "SAN FRANCISCO The U.S. antitrust probe into Google Inc could hem in its growth ambitions for years  even if regulators do not unleash their most formidable weapons: Seeking a breakup of the giant Internet company or exerting control over its cherished search algorithm."
"Cisco to cut workforce by 15 percent  sell factory " "NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO Cisco Systems plans to cut 15 percent of its jobs and sell a factory as part of a plan to cut annual expenses by $1 billion as the network equipment maker tries to revive its fortunes."
"ITC says Kodak did not infringe Apple patent " " WASHINGTON  July 18 The International Trade Commission on Monday upheld a decision by one of its judges that Eastman Kodak  did not infringe Apple  patents for imaging and related software."
"Kodak did not infringe on Apple patents  says ITC " "WASHINGTON The International Trade Commission on Monday upheld a decision by one of its judges that Eastman Kodak did not infringe Apple Inc patents for digital cameras."
"Mobile devices to lead consumer electronics growth: report " "NEW YORK More customers than ever will buy tablet computers and smartphones this year  driving consumer electronics revenue to a record high of $190 billion in 2011  according to a new forecast from a leading industry trade group."
"Taiwan's HTC shares tumble after Apple ruling " "TAIPEI Shares in Taiwanese smartphone maker HTC tumbled as much as 6.5 percent on Monday after losing a preliminary ruling in a patent case with Apple Inc  with its announcement of a share buyback failing to stem the fall."
"Trade Idea: JPMorgan: Buy Apple calls before earnings " "CHICAGO J.P.Morgan Securities' equity derivatives strategists on Monday recommended purchasing Apple Inc's  August $365 call options to position for potential upside ahead of the company's quarterly earnings."
"Trade idea: JPMorgan recommends Apple ahead of earnings " "CHICAGO J.P.Morgan Securities' equity derivatives strategists on Monday recommended purchasing Apple Inc's  August $365 call options to position for potential upside ahead of the company's quarterly earnings."
"UPDATE 2-Kodak did not infringe on Apple patents  says ITC " " WASHINGTON  July 18 The International Trade Commission on Monday upheld a decision by one of its judges that Eastman Kodak  did not infringe Apple Inc  patents for digital cameras."
"UPDATE 5-IBM's services signings surge  stock rises " " * Sets positive tone for tech earns  corporate spending"
"Apple directors talked CEO job with recruiters: report " "LOS ANGELES Several Apple Inc board members have discussed a successor to CEO Steve Jobs since the Silicon Valley icon went on medical leave in January  and have discussed it with at least one head of a high-profile tech company  the Wall Street Journal reported on Tuesday. | Video "
"Apple smashes Street views  shares soar " "SAN FRANCISCO Blockbuster sales of the iPhone and strong Asian business again helped Apple Inc crush Wall Street's expectations  driving its shares up more than 7 percent to record highs. | Video "
"Factbox: Apple shares scale new heights  top $400 " "NEW YORK Apple Inc shares are rallying in after-market activity following its strong earnings report and are poised to break $400 on Wednesday  which would be an all-time high for the stock. | Video "
"Instant view: Apple revenue again blows past expectations " "NEW YORK Apple Inc posted quarterly revenue that once again blew past analyst expectations in a quarter fueled by swift sales of iPhones and iPads. | Video "
"UPDATE 2-FBI arrests 14 in probe of hacker group Anonymous " " * Action comes after Anoymous claimed big attacks  (Recasts with 14 arrests)"
"UPDATE 3-VMware boosts outlook " " * VMware says corporate customers are doing larger deals"
"UPDATE 6-Apple smashes Street views  shares soar " " * Apple sees incredible opportunities in China  (Adds details on net income)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St up on profits  Apple surges late " " * Indexes up: Dow up 1.6 pct  S&P 1.6 pct  Nasdaq 2.2 pct"
"VMware boosts outlook " "BOSTON Business software maker VMware Inc  issued revenue forecasts for the rest of the year ahead of Wall Street projections in the latest sign that technology spending would hold up in the second half."
"Wall Street up on profits  Apple surges late " "NEW YORK Stocks recorded their best day since March on Tuesday after strong corporate results and renewed hope for an agreement in Washington on thorny budget issues boosted investor confidence. | Video "
"Apple rolls out new Macs  shares set record " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc shares flirted with a record $400 on Wednesday  a day after the world's most valuable technology company posted blockbuster results and triggered a spate of brokerage upgrades. | Video "
"CORRECTED - UPDATE 2-Qualcomm boosts outlook  but shares fall " "  (Corrects typographical error in paragraph three to show Snyder said it is ""not a blow-out"" instead of ""now a blow-out"")"
"Intel pulls back PC market outlook  shares slide " "SAN FRANCISCO Intel Corp trimmed its forecast for 2011 personal computer unit sales  warning of softness in mature markets and sending its shares more than 1 percent lower. | Video "
"Nokia set for fresh smartphone pain " " * Apple  Sony Ericsson saw strong Q2 smartphone market"
"Nokia set for fresh smartphone pain " "HELSINKI Investors braced for more bleak news from smartphone laggard Nokia Oyj on Thursday with the world's largest handset maker likely to post a second-quarter loss and a weak outlook."
"Qualcomm ups outlook  but chip target disappoints " "NEW YORK Qualcomm Inc's  improving financial outlook was not enough to impress investors disappointed with its wireless chip shipment target during a quarter when new advanced devices like the next generation Apple Inc  iPhone are expected to go on sales."
"S.Korea-Market Factors to watch July 21 " " SEOUL  July 21 Following is a list of events in South Korea as well as news stories and press reports which may influence financial markets. (Reuters News welcomes your feedback and for any queries  please contact the Seoul newsroom at +822 3704 5640 or via email at kr.rtrs@gmail.com)     	 WHAT IS HAPPENING IN KOREA	 >Hynix   the world's No.2 computer memory chipmaker is likely to report reduced quarterly Q2 earnings 0900	 >Second hearing on stock manipulation charges against"
"UPDATE 3-Qualcomm ups outlook  but chip target disappoints " " * Qualcomm shares down 2.7 percent  (Adds analyst comment  share price update  byline)"
"UPDATE 5-Intel pulls back PC market outlook  shares slide " " * Stock lower after hours  (Adds analyst's and CEO's comment  byline; updates share prices)"
"Wall Street closes flat as debt worries offset earns " "NEW YORK Stocks closed near unchanged on Wednesday  a day after Wall Street's best rally since March  as the oncoming debt ceiling deadline overshadowed strong earnings from Apple Inc. | Video "
"Apple says over 1 million users bought Lion OS " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc said over 1 million people bought the latest version of its operating software for Mac computers on the first day."
"Fake Apple Store in China even fools staff " "SHANGHAI Chinese counterfeiters have had a field day pumping out knockoffs of Apple Inc's best-selling iPhones and iPads  but one appears to have gone a step further -- a near flawless fake Apple Store that even employees believe is the real deal."
"Icahn urges Motorola to shop patent portfolio " "NEW YORK Billionaire investor Carl Icahn urged Motorola to shop around its patent portfolio to cash in on interest in wireless technology from companies like Google Inc and Apple Inc."
"Judge criticizes Google and Oracle at hearing " "SAN FRANCISCO Both Oracle Corp and Google Inc have taken unreasonable positions on the scale of damages involved in a high stakes patent battle over the Android operating system  a U.S. judge said in court."
"Microsoft profit beats Street  Windows fizzle " "SEATTLE Microsoft Corp eased past Wall Street's earnings estimates  helped by strong sales of its Office software and Xbox game console and an unusually low tax rate."
"UPDATE 2-Fake Apple Store in China even fools staff " " * Apple has no stores  13 authorized resellers in city   (Adds U.S. trade official comment)"
"UPDATE 2-Sandisk revenue beats Wall Street view  shares up " " * Shares up over 2 pct in after-market trading  (Rewrites first paragraph; adds forecast  share price  background)"
"UPDATE 4-Icahn urges Motorola to shop patent portfolio " " * Icahn urges Motorola to explore alternatives for patents"
"UPDATE 5-Microsoft Windows fizzles as PC fears loom " " * Sales up 8 pct to $17.37 bln  vs estimate at $17.23 bln"
"U.S. judge criticizes Google and Oracle at hearing " " * Both companies unreasonable in Java patent lawsuit-judge"
"Analysis: Aging PC giants see writing on the wall " "SAN FRANCISCO Silicon Valley's old guard is waking up to the fact that the era of consumer PC may be in its twilight  accelerating the need to invest and adapt to rapidly changing tastes."
"Apple's must-have accessories for China's fashionable yuppies " "BEIJING So strong is the appeal of the Apple brand in China  some Chinese are willing to sell a kidney to pay for its gadgets."
"Customers angry  staff defiant at China's fake Apple Store " "KUNMING  China Customers at an apparent Apple Store in the Chinese city of Kunming berated staff and demanded refunds on Friday after the shop was revealed to be an elaborate fake  sparking a media and Internet frenzy."
"Customers angry  staff defiant at China's fake Apple Store " " "
"INSIGHT-Fake Apple store cuts to core of China risk to brands " " * Brand choices: police operations or take full control-analyst"
"Insight: Fake Apple store cuts to core of China risk to brands " "SHANGHAI A fake Apple store in China  made famous by a blog that said even the staff working there didn't realize it was a bogus outlet  is probably the most audacious example to date of the risks Western companies face in the booming Chinese market."
"UPDATE 1-Customers angry  staff defiant at China's fake Apple Store " " "
"UPDATE 3-Air Products profit and outlook tepid; stock falls " " * Forecasts fiscal Q4 profit in range mostly below Street"
"UPDATE 6-Verizon iPhone sales dash hopes; shares fall " " * Adds 1.3 mln net subscribers versus analyst view 930 000"
"Verizon iPhone sales dash hopes; shares fall " "NEW YORK Verizon Communications may have the iPhone  but the blockbuster smartphone has yet to pay off in its battle against AT&T Inc. | Video "
"Broadcom results beat Street  stock leaps " "SAN FRANCISCO Wireless chipmaker Broadcom  gave a rosier-than-expected outlook for its revenues  dispelling worries about a tepid economy and high inventories and giving a hefty boost to its shares."
"China's Apple frenzy triggers wave of smuggling " "HONG KONG In a crowded multi-storeyed marketplace in downtown Shenzhen  a store owner haggles with a cigarette-smoking customer over the price for a bulk sale."
"China's Apple frenzy triggers wave of smuggling " " "
"Chinese city orders two fake Apple Stores to close " "KUNMING  China Chinese officials in Kunming have ordered two fake Apple shops to close  not because of piracy or copyright concerns  but because the stores in the southwestern city did not have an official business permit."
"RIM adjusts to new reality by slashing 2 000 jobs " "TORONTO BlackBerry maker Research In Motion plans to cut about 11 percent of its workforce as it struggles to keep pace with Apple and Google in the mobile market it once dominated."
"Timberlake to Gaga: Hollywood courts social media " " LOS ANGELES  July 25 When you think of Bono or Lady Gaga  the term ""Silicon Valley entrepreneur"" hardly springs to mind."
"Timberlake to Gaga: Hollywood courts social media " "LOS ANGELES When you think of Bono or Lady Gaga  the term ""Silicon Valley entrepreneur"" hardly springs to mind."
"UPDATE 3-Broadcom results beat Street  stock leaps " " * Stock jumps after hours  (Rewrites first paragraph  adds quote  details)"
"UPDATE 3-Chinese city orders two fake Apple Stores to close " " * Only shops without business licences ordered to close - official"
"UPDATE 6-RIM adjusts to new reality by slashing workforce " " * Shares drop 4 percent  (Adds details  updates share price)"
"Amazon revenue surges  stock jumps " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc reported a surge in quarterly revenue on sales of its kindle electronic reader and other electronics and forecast far better-than-expected revenue for the current quarter  sending its shares up more than 6 percent."
"CORRECTED - UPDATE 3-Patents take spotlight as Kodak posts losses " " (Corrects analysts' estimates for Q2 loss to 67 cents  not 61 cents. Rewrites first paragraph to remove reference to bigger-than-expected loss. Error first appeared in UPDATE 2)"
"Economic jitters threaten holiday chip cheer " " SAN FRANCISCO  July 26 Makers of chips for TVs  game consoles and other consumer electronics aren't expecting much for Christmas  but insatiable demand for high-end gadgets like Apple's  iPad will likely deliver some cheer."
"Economic jitters threaten holiday chip cheer " "SAN FRANCISCO Makers of chips for TVs  game consoles and other consumer electronics aren't expecting much for Christmas  but insatiable demand for high-end gadgets like Apple's iPad will likely deliver some cheer."
"Facebook tackles face-recognition privacy concern " "LOS ANGELES Facebook has made it easier for users to opt out of its controversial facial-recognition technology for photographs  an effort to address concerns that it had violated consumers' privacy."
"Patents take spotlight as Kodak posts losses " "NEW YORK Eastman Kodak Co posted another loss as the once-iconic photography company faced high raw material costs and struggled to shift its focus from film toward digital cameras and printers."
"Reid's debt plan could speed wireless auctions " "WASHINGTON Efforts to give U.S. regulators the authority to auction off some television airwaves for mobile broadband use are getting a boost in a debt ceiling plan proposed by Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid."
"Reid's US debt plan could speed wireless auctions " " WASHINGTON  July 26 Efforts to give U.S. regulators the authority to auction off some television airwaves for mobile broadband use are getting a boost in a debt ceiling plan proposed by Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid."
"UPDATE 1-Facebook tackles face-recognition privacy concern " " * Allows users to opt out of facial recognition program"
"UPDATE 4-Amazon revenue surges  stock jumps " " * Shares up 6.3 percent in after-hours trading  (Adds analyst comment  business background)"
"Accused AT&T-iPad hacker Andrew Auernheimer in plea talks " "NEW YORK Andrew Auernheimer  accused of hacking into AT&T Inc servers and stealing the personal data of 120 000 Apple Inc iPad users  is in talks to plead guilty after his co-defendant did the same last month."
"Accused AT&T-iPad hacker in plea talks " " * Co-defendant Daniel Spitler pleaded guilty on June 23"
"Amazon revenue and spending surges " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc will use its surging revenue to boost growth and drive expansion into areas such as Web content and cloud computing rather than boost its margins."
"Free-wheeling Texas lures California companies " " SAN FRANCISCO  July 27 Texas is the heavyweight champ among states in luring businesses and it's likely to keep the title by treating California like a punching bag."
"INSIGHT-Microsoft use of low-tax havens drives down tax bill " " * Company says it channels earnings through low-tax havens"
"Insight: Microsoft use of low-tax havens drives down tax bill " "FAIRFIELD  Connecticut If you want to know why tax from surging corporate profits isn't making much of a dent in the United States' crippling budget deficit  a glance at Microsoft Corp's recent results provides some clues."
"Trade panel to probe Samsung lawsuit against Apple " " WASHINGTON  July 27 A trade panel that hears patent disputes has agreed to investigate Samsung Electronics Co's  complaint that Apple Inc  infringed its patented technology."
"UBS cuts RIM price target on competitive threat " "TORONTO Research In Motion is still in the early stages of a software transition and faces daunting competition from Apple  Google and later Microsoft  a UBS analyst said on Wednesday."
"UK police say arrested teen hacking leader " "LONDON British police arrested a teenager believed to be a leader of computer hacking groups that boasted attacks on the networks of the CIA  Sony and Rupert Murdoch's media empire."
"UPDATE 2-UK police say arrested teen hacking leader " " * UK police say teen suspected of being hackers' spokesman"
"EA gets U.S. antitrust go-ahead to buy PopCap " " WASHINGTON  July 28 Videogame maker Electronic Arts  has won U.S. antitrust approval to buy PopCap Games  the Federal Trade Commission said on Thursday."
"EA gets U.S. antitrust go-ahead to buy PopCap " "WASHINGTON Videogame maker Electronic Arts has won U.S. antitrust approval to buy PopCap Games  the Federal Trade Commission said on Thursday."
"Microsoft use of low-tax havens drives down tax bill " "FAIRFIELD  Connecticut If you want to know why tax from surging corporate profits isn't making much of a dent in the United States' crippling budget deficit  a glance at Microsoft Corp's recent results provides some clues."
"Motorola product delay  tablet margins to hurt Q3 " "NEW YORK Motorola Mobility warned that its third-quarter profit would miss expectations due to the second delay of a smartphone launch and price cuts of its tablet computers  sending its shares down 4 percent."
"Samsung Q2 profit sags as flat screen posts losses " " SEOUL  July 29 Samsung Electronics Co    the world's top memory chipmaker  reported a  2  5 percent fall in quarterly profit as its flat screen business posted a second consecutive quarterly loss   overshadowing strong profit growth from handset sales."
"Skyfire unveils app for Flash videos on iPhone " "HELSINKI Private-equity backed video technology firm Skyfire  best known for its mobile browser  has unveiled an application for watching Flash videos on Apple's iPhones."
"Skyfire unveils app for Flash videos on iPhone " " * Skyfire says its mobile browser downloaded 8 mln times"
"Sprint results disappoint  shares fall 20 percent " "NEW YORK Sprint Nextel Corp's shares plunged nearly 20 percent on Thursday as heavy subscriber losses in the second quarter called into question the strategy and outlook of the No. 3 U.S. wireless company."
"UPDATE 3-Motorola product delay  tablet margins to hurt Q3 " " * Shares fall nearly 4 pct in after-hours trading  (Rewrites with CEO comment  updates shares  adds byline)"
"UPDATE 5-Sprint results disappoint  shares fall 20 pct " " * Margins miss Wall St view; investors query 2011 targets"
"HTC: Apple lawsuit will not have fundamental impact on company " "TAIPEI Taiwanese smartphone maker HTC Corp said on Friday the lawsuit against Apple Inc will not have a fundamental impact on the company  adding the company is preparing an appeal to a U.S. court decision on the case."
"HTC says Apple lawsuit will not have fundamental impact on company " " TAIPEI  July 29 Taiwanese smartphone maker HTC Corp said on Friday the lawsuit against Apple Inc  will not have a fundamental impact on the company  adding the company is preparing an appeal to a U.S. court decision on the case."
"Hulu accused of infringing program guide patent " "WILMINGTON  Delaware Rovi Corp sued Hulu  accusing the online video site of infringing patents that cover electronic program guides."
"Hulu accused of infringing program guide patent " " WILMINGTON  Del.  July 29 Rovi Corp sued Hulu  accusing the online video site of infringing patents that cover electronic program guides."
"Nintendo product flop crushes shares  outlook crumbles " "TOKYO Nintendo's shocking profit battered its shares as much as 20 percent  underscoring deep challenges for an iconic brand struggling to win back users flocking to other gadgets."
"Nokia slips from 1 to 3 in smartphone sales " "HELSINKI Apple and Samsung Electronics ended struggling Nokia's 15-year reign at the top of the smartphone sales rankings in the second quarter  researchers said on Friday."
"UPDATE 2-Nokia slips from 1 to 3 in smartphone sales " " * Apple  Samsung end Nokia's 15-yr smartphone mkt dominance"
"UPDATE 2-Taiwan's HTC sees revenue growth slowing in Q3 " " * Sees Q3 gross margin and operating profit margin weakening"
"UPDATE 5-Nintendo product flop crushes shares  outlook crumbles " " * Shares fall as much as 20 percent; down almost 50 pct this year"
"UPDATE 5-Samsung profit outlook weakens on chips  mobiles strong " " * Samsung becomes No.2 smartphone maker after Apple-Strategy Analytics"
"Android conquers almost 50 pct of smartphone market " " * More than 107.7 mln smart phones shipped in Q2 - Canalys"
"Android conquers almost 50 percent of smartphone market " "FRANKFURT Google's Android platform has taken almost 50 percent of the global smartphone market  dominating in the Asia-Pacific region  research firm Canalys said on Monday"
"BUY OR SELL-Hard drive makers brace for softer times " " BANGALORE  Aug 1 Slowing demand and the rising popularity of more power-efficient flash drives will hurt hard disk drive makers  led by Western Digital Corp and Seagate Technology   just as they head into what is traditionally the strongest sales season."
"Chinese retailers hijack the Ikea experience " "KUNMING  China Nestled in a sleepy southern district of Kunming city in southwest China  is a 10 000 square meter  four-story building that could make Swedish furniture giant Ikea uneasy."
"Google buys daily deal aggregator The Dealmap " " * Dealmap has gained more than 2 mln users since May 2010"
"Google buys daily deal aggregator The Dealmap " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc has bought The Dealmap  expanding further into a potentially lucrative daily deals market now dominated by the likes of Groupon and LivingSocial."
"Google's Chrome overtakes Firefox in UK " "LONDON Google's Chrome overtook Mozilla Firefox in July to become Britain's second-most popular Web browser after Microsoft's Internet Explorer  Web analytics firm StatCounter said on Monday."
"Samsung to halt tablet sales in Australia-report " " SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 1 Samsung Electronics  has agreed to halt sales of the newest version of its Galaxy tablet in Australia until a patent lawsuit brought by Apple Inc  in the country is resolved  Bloomberg reported on Monday."
"Samsung to halt tablet sales in Australia: report " "SAN FRANCISCO Samsung Electronics has agreed to halt sales of the newest version of its Galaxy tablet in Australia until a patent lawsuit brought by Apple Inc in the country is resolved  Bloomberg reported on Monday."
"S.Korea-Market Factors to watch Aug. 2 " " SEOUL  Aug 2 Following is a list of events in South Korea as well as news stories and press reports which may influence financial markets. (Reuters News welcomes your feedback and for any queries  please contact the Seoul newsroom at +822 3704 5640 or via email at kr.rtrs@gmail.com)     	 WHAT IS HAPPENING IN KOREA (Times local  GMT +9 hrs) 	 > July foreign reserves 0600	   	 MARKET SNAPSHOTS    	 *Seoul shares advanced on Monday as U.S. lawmakers struck a debt-ceiling deal to av"
"CBS profit doubles as its TV shows find new outlets " "NEW YORK CBS Corp's quarterly profit more than doubled  beating expectations  as the media company reaped the benefits of new distribution deals for its TV shows and higher spending by advertisers."
"CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-Samsung delays Australia tablet launch on Apple suit-report " " (Corrects to clarify Apple did not get an injunction from the Australian court)"
"Google buys daily deal aggregator The Dealmap " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc has bought The Dealmap  expanding further into a potentially lucrative daily deals market now dominated by the likes of Groupon and LivingSocial."
"PRESS DIGEST - Financial Times - Aug 3 " " EARLY BIDS RAISE HOPES OF 4 BILLION DOLLAR EMI SALE 	 Bids for EMI suggest that the British music company could fetch more than $4 billion (2.5 billion pounds)  allowing Citigroup to recoup about three-quarters of the money it lent to Guy Hands's ill-fated private equity buy-out in 2007. http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/90883ea6-bc7c-11e0-acb6-00144feabdc0.html#axzz1TurOf5zg"
"Samsung delays Australia tablet launch on Apple suit " "SEOUL/MELBOURNE Samsung Electronics has delayed the Australian launch of its latest Galaxy tablet due to a patent dispute with Apple Inc  a setback for the South Korean firm's attempt to close the gap with Apple in the booming tablet market."
"UPDATE 3-CBS profit doubles as its TV shows find new outlets " " * Second quarter profit $0.58/shr vs Wall Street $0.45/shr"
"UPDATE 3-Samsung delays Australia tablet launch on Apple suit " " * Samsung agrees with Apple not to sell Galaxy Tab varient in Australia"
"UPDATE 4-Samsung delays Australia tablet launch on Apple suit " " * Samsung agrees with Apple not to sell Galaxy Tab variant in Australia"
"U.S. trade panel to probe Apple claim against Samsung " "SAN FRANCISCO A U.S. trade panel that hears patent disputes has agreed to investigate Apple Inc's complaint that mobile phones and tablets made by South Korean rival Samsung Electronics Co Ltd violate its technology intellectual property."
"U.S. trade panel to probe Apple claim vs Samsung " " SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 2 A U.S. trade panel that hears patent disputes has agreed to investigate Apple Inc's  complaint that mobile phones and tablets made by South Korean rival Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  violate its technology intellectual property."
"British Library offers e-classics app for iPad " "LONDON  - Frankenstein  Oliver Twist and Robinson Crusoe could all be lurking on your iPad if you download a new application launched by the British Library this week which provides access to over 45 000 historical and antiquarian titles."
"British smartphone use soaring  led by teens - survey " " LONDON  Aug 4 Teenage Britons are spending more and more time using smartphones to make calls  send texts and use social networking sites  and more than half of those that own the devices claim to be addicted to them  regulator Ofcom said on Thursday."
"British smartphone use soaring  led by teens: survey " "LONDON Teenage Britons are spending more and more time using smartphones to make calls  send texts and use social networking sites  and more than half of those that own the devices claim to be addicted to them  regulator Ofcom said on Thursday."
"Google+  Apple's iCloud keep developers keen " "TORONTO Mobile developers more than ever want to devote their energies to writing apps for Apple's iOS and Google's Android platforms at the expense of their less popular rivals  a study released on Wednesday showed."
"RIM launches two new BlackBerry Torch phones " "TORONTO Research In Motion  on Wednesday took the wraps off two more powerful versions of its touchscreen BlackBerry Torch  aiming to buy time until it can introduce a radically new software package in its smartphones."
"RIM launches two new BlackBerry Torch phones " "TORONTO Research In Motion went on the offensive on Wednesday  unveiling two new and powerful versions of its touchscreen BlackBerry Torch  including an all-touch model  as it seeks to regain ground lost to Apple and Google."
"Time Inc to make all titles available on tablets " " NEW YORK  Aug 3 Time Inc plans to make all 21 of its magazines  including Real Simple and Entertainment Weekly  available on leading tablet computers by the end of the year  the publishing arm of Time Warner  said on Wednesday."
"Time Inc to make all titles available on tablets " "NEW YORK Time Inc plans to make all 21 of its magazines  including Real Simple and Entertainment Weekly  available on leading tablet computers by the end of the year  the publishing arm of Time Warner said on Wednesday."
"UPDATE 1-British Library offers e-classics app for iPad " " LONDON  Aug 3  - Frankenstein  Oliver Twist and Robinson Crusoe could all be lurking on your iPad if you download a new application launched by the British Library this week which provides access to over 45 000 historical and antiquarian titles."
"UPDATE 3-RIM tilts at iPhone with new BlackBerry phones " "   * RIM says browser 40 percent faster than original Torch"
"Investors flee bad telecom smartphone bets " "NEW YORK Smartphones may have good looks and a lot of whiz-bang features  but this week they just have a bad reputation."
"Sony rules out exiting TV business or LCD panel venture " " TOKYO  Aug 4 Sony on Thursday ruled out dumping its television business or dissolving a TV panel partnership with Samsung Electronics Co in an overhaul of its lossmaking TV unit that will take shape this month."
"Sony rules out exiting TV business or LCD panel venture " "TOKYO Sony ruled out dumping its television business or dissolving a TV panel partnership with Samsung Electronics Co even as it looks to overhaul its lossmaking TV unit."
"UPDATE 2-Sony rules out quitting TV business; to keep Vita price " " * Seeks to pull together plans to overhaul TV division   (Adds details  background)"
"Apple hits NY stores with trademark lawsuit " "NEW YORK Apple Inc has won a temporary restraining order and preliminary injunction against several retail stores in the Chinatown section of Queens  New York  that sell cases and other accessories for Apple products  including the iPhone  iPod and iPad."
"Apple hits NY stores with trademark lawsuit " " NEW YORK  Aug 5 Apple Inc  has won a temporary restraining order and preliminary injunction against several retail stores in the Chinatown section of Queens  New York  that sell cases and other accessories for Apple products  including the iPhone  iPod and iPad."
"HP offers TouchPad on discount month after launch " " SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 5 Hewlett Packard  is offering a hefty discount on its TouchPad tablet a month after it launched the WebOS-based mobile device in a booming market dominated by Apple Inc's  iPad."
"HP offers TouchPad on discount month after launch " "SAN FRANCISCO Hewlett-Packard Co is offering a hefty discount on its TouchPad tablet a month after it launched the WebOS-based mobile device in a booming market dominated by Apple Inc's iPad."
"PRESS DIGEST - BRITISH PRESS - AUG 5 " " Google launched an extraordinary attack on Apple  and Microsoft yesterday  accusing the companies of using ""bogus patents"" to stifle the growth of its Android smartphone software."
"UPDATE 1-HP offers TouchPad on discount month after launch " " * Entry-level TouchPad now available at $400  (Adds HP comment and timeframe for discount)"
"UPDATE 5-Telus profit rises on smartphones  wireless growth " " * UBS upgrades stock  says attractive in volatile market"
"Oracle  other companies 'punkd' in hacking contest " " * Hackers find employees of many US companies easy prey"
"Oracle  other companies ""punk'd"" in hacking contest " "LAS VEGAS A weekend contest at the world's largest hacking convention in Las Vegas showed one reason why big corporations seem to be such easy prey for cyber criminals: their workers are poorly trained in security."
"Angry Birds developer Rovio gets into baby products " " SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 8 Can an Angry Bird keep your baby safe and warm?"
"IPad rivals have better chance in Europe-Forrester " " LONDON  Aug 9 Would-be rivals to Apple's  iPad have more of a chance in Europe than they do in the United States  but they need to cut prices fast to grasp the opportunity  IT research firm Forrester said on Tuesday."
"IPad rivals have better chance in Europe: Forrester " "LONDON Would-be rivals to Apple's iPad have more of a chance in Europe than they do in the United States  but they need to cut prices fast to grasp the opportunity  IT research firm Forrester said on Tuesday."
"Trade agency to eye Apple complaint against HTC " "A U.S. trade agency will review Apple Inc's patent-infringement complaint against Taiwanese phone maker HTC Corp."
"UPDATE 1-Oracle  other companies 'punkd' in hacking contest " " * Hackers find employees of many US companies easy prey"
"UPDATE 2-Intel CFO says view unshaken by US debt downgrade " " * Outlook uncertain for much of chipmarket  (Adds detail on Intel  background on industry)"
"US trade agency to eye Apple complaint against HTC " " Aug 8 A U.S. trade agency will review Apple Inc's  patent-infringement complaint against Taiwanese phone maker HTC Corp ."
"Apple blocks Samsung from selling Galaxy in EU " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc scored a major victory in its multi-country patent infringement battle against Samsung Electronics after a German court barred the Korean company from selling its Galaxy Tab 10.1 in the entire European Union except the Netherlands."
"Apple blocks Samsung from selling Galaxy in EU " " SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 9 Apple Inc  scored a major victory in its multi-country patent infringement battle against Samsung Electronics  after a German court barred the Korean company from selling its Galaxy Tab 10.1 in the entire European Union except the Netherlands."
"Apple briefly passes Exxon as largest U.S. company " "SAN FRANCISCO/NEW YORK Apple Inc briefly edged past Exxon Mobil Corp to become the most valuable U.S. company on Tuesday  displacing an old economy stalwart and heralding an era where technology holds sway."
"Micron says NAND chip demand buoyed by tablets " " SANTA CLARA  California  Aug 9 Orders for Micron Technology Inc's  NAND memory chips are holding up despite growing economic uncertainty  thanks to strong demand from manufacturers making tablets and solid-state drives  a senior executive at the chipmaker said."
"Micron says NAND chip demand buoyed by tablets " "SANTA CLARA  California Orders for Micron Technology Inc's  NAND memory chips are holding up despite growing economic uncertainty  thanks to strong demand from manufacturers making tablets and solid-state drives  a senior executive at the chipmaker said."
"UPDATE 1-Apple blocks Samsung from selling Galaxy in EU " " * Setback follows delayed launch in Australia  (Adds expert comments  details and background)"
"UPDATE 1-Apple briefly passes Exxon as largest U.S. company " " * Apple's market cap rises to $341.5 vs Exxon's $341.4 bln"
"UPDATE 1-US regulators link reviews of AT&T's transactions " " * AT&T's proposed deals to undergo coordinated FCC review"
"UPDATE 2-Apple briefly passes Exxon as largest U.S. company " " * Apple slips back to No.2 spot  (Adds analyst comment  background and updates market cap)"
"Apple blocks Samsung's Galaxy tablet in EU " "SEOUL/SAN FRANCISCO A German court has temporarily barred Samsung Electronics from selling its flagship Galaxy tablet in most of the European Union in a significant victory for market leader Apple Inc."
"Apple blocks Samsung's Galaxy tablet in EU " "SEOUL/SAN FRANCISCO A German court has temporarily barred Samsung Electronics from selling its flagship Galaxy tablet in most of the European Union in a significant victory for market leader Apple Inc. | Video "
"Apple copycat ""hiPhone 5"" comes calling in China " "SHANGHAI The newest version of Apple Inc's popular iPhone has already hit the Chinese market -- the fake market that is."
"Avnet sees weak Q1 as new orders slow " "Technology distributor Avnet Inc reported fourth-quarter revenue below market estimates as concerns over slowing economic growth led customers to be cautious with new orders  and projected a weak first quarter."
"German hackers crack mobile phone GPRS code: report " "BERLIN A Berlin security firm has cracked the encryption code for some mobile phones using the Internet  German newspaper Handelsblatt reported on Wednesday  citing the company's chief."
"German hackers crack mobile phone GPRS code-report " " BERLIN  Aug 10 A Berlin security firm has cracked the encryption code for some mobile phones using the Internet  German newspaper Handelsblatt reported on Wednesday  citing the company's chief."
"UPDATE 1-Viacom  Cablevision settle iPad streaming dispute " " NEW YORK  Aug 10 Viacom Inc   and Cablevision Systems Corp  have resolved a dispute over the latter's alleged unauthorized streaming of Viacom programming on devices such as Apple Inc's  iPad."
"UPDATE 2-Avnet Q4 profit beats; to buy back shares " " * Shares up about 9 percent   (Adds details on share buyback  updates share movement)"
"UPDATE 7-Apple blocks Samsung's Galaxy tablet in EU " " * Samsung to launch new Galaxy tablet in Australia in Sept"
"Viacom  Cablevision settle iPad streaming dispute " "NEW YORK Viacom Inc and Cablevision Systems Corp have resolved a dispute over the latter's alleged unauthorized streaming of Viacom programing on devices such as Apple Inc's iPad."
"Analysis: Apple going after Google in tablet spats? " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc's increasingly effective patent war against rivals like Samsung Electronics may mask its real target: arch-foe Google Inc."
"Apple copycat ""hiPhone 5"" comes calling in China " "SHANGHAI The newest version of Apple Inc's popular iPhone has already hit the Chinese market -- the fake market that is."
"Dutch court to rule on Apple  Samsung dispute " " THE HAGUE  Aug 11 A Dutch judge said on Thursday he would rule by Sept. 15 on Apple's bid to ban some of Samsung Electronics' products in the Netherlands and European Union  part of a wider battle between the two giants."
"Nvidia's outlook beats Street  shares soar " "SAN FRANCISCO Nvidia Corp forecast a larger-than-expected jump in quarterly revenue and its CEO said the chipmaker's mobile business was accelerating  sending its shares skyrocketing."
"RPT-Chinese authorities find 22 more fake Apple stores " " "
"UK may disrupt social networks during unrest " "LONDON Britain is considering disrupting online social networking such as Blackberry Messenger  and Twitter during civil unrest  Prime Minister David Cameron said on Thursday  a move widely condemned as repressive when used by other countries."
"UK may disrupt social networks during unrest " "LONDON Britain is considering disrupting online social networking such as Blackberry Messenger and Twitter during civil unrest  Prime Minister David Cameron said Thursday  a move widely condemned as repressive when used by other countries."
"UPDATE 1-UK may disrupt social networks during unrest " " LONDON  Aug 11 Britain is considering disrupting online social networking such as Blackberry Messenger  and Twitter during civil unrest  Prime Minister David Cameron said on Thursday  a move widely condemned as repressive when used by other countries."
"UPDATE 5-Nvidia's outlook beats Street  shares soar " " * Ramps up move into mobile  wins Samsung as phone client"
"Analysis: China costs start to worry U.S. multinationals " "NEW YORK For years  low prices on China-sourced goods helped dampen inflation in the United States. Now China's efforts to boost domestic consumer spending  reducing reliance on exports  are leading to higher costs for multinationals that manufacture goods there."
"German court sets Samsung  Apple hearing for Aug 25 " "FRANKFURT Korean company Samsung Electronics will go to a German court on August 25 to try to overturn a ban on it selling flagship Galaxy tablets in most of the European Union."
"Sprint ditches 4G model of RIM PlayBook " "NEW YORK Sprint Nextel Corp has scrapped plans to sell a high-speed version of Research In Motion Ltd's PlayBook tablet because of slack demand  delivering another blow to BlackBerry phone maker."
"Sprint ditches plan for WiMax model of RIM Playbook " " NEW YORK  Aug 12 Sprint Nextel  has scrapped its plans to sell a version of the Research In Motion  PlayBook tablet for its high-speed wireless WiMax service after months of promising the device."
"UK may disrupt social networks during unrest " "LONDON Britain is considering disrupting online social networking such as Blackberry Messenger and Twitter during civil unrest  Prime Minister David Cameron said Thursday  a move widely condemned as repressive when used by other countries."
"UPDATE 1-German court sets Samsung  Apple hearing for Aug 25 " " FRANKFURT  Aug 12 Korean company Samsung Electronics will go to a German court on Aug. 25 to try to overturn a ban on it selling flagship Galaxy tablets in most of the European Union."
"UPDATE 1-Sprint ditches 4G model of RIM PlayBook " " * RIM promises LTE Playbook models this fall  (Adds analyst quote  background details)"
"CORRECTED - Google-Motorola tie-up may draw antitrust scrutiny " " (Corrects name of law firm in paragraph 17 to Shearman & Sterling LLP instead of Shearman & Stearling)"
"Google-Motorola tie-up may draw antitrust scrutiny " "NEW YORK Google Inc  already the subject of antitrust inquiries  likely opened itself up to more regulatory scrutiny with its proposed $12.5 billion cash acquisition of Motorola Mobility Holdings Inc."
"Google's bold bet on Motorola could hit Asian handset makers " " SEOUL  Aug 16 Asian handset vendors such as HTC  and Samsung Electronics could face pressure after Google Inc swooped in to buy Motorola Mobility Holdings Inc for $12.5 billion to help protect its fast-growing Android mobile operating system."
"Google to buy Motorola Mobility in biggest deal ever " "NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc's biggest deal ever  acquiring Motorola Mobility Holdings Inc for $12.5 billion  is an attempt to buy insurance against increasingly aggressive legal attacks from rivals such as Apple Inc. | Video "
"Highlights: Some U.S. hedge funds trim gold  financials " "NEW YORK Investors and traders started to get a glimpse on Monday of how some of Wall Street's savviest stock pickers positioned themselves before the summer's rout."
"Timeline: Motorola from cellphone inventor to Google bolt-on " "Google Inc's purchase of Motorola Mobility marks the end of its 81-year story -- including its invention of the cellphone in the 1970s  its spectacular success with the Razr phone a few years ago  and then its slide into crisis and now its takeover."
"UPDATE 3-HIGHLIGHTS-Some US hedge funds bail on Bank of America " "  NEW YORK  Aug 15 Investors and traders started to get a glimpse on Monday of how some of Wall Street's savviest stock pickers positioned themselves before the summer's rout."
"UPDATE 3-Winners and losers in the Google-Motorola deal " " * Deal hurts InterDigital  (Adds details on Motorola's rivals)"
"UPDATE 8-Google to buy Motorola Mobility in biggest deal ever " " * Losers may include rival cellphone makers  (Adds anti-trust and other details  fund manager's comment)"
"Winners and losers in the Google-Motorola deal " "NEW YORK Research in Motion and Microsoft Corp are emerging as potential winners after Google Inc said it would buy Motorola Mobility for $12.5 billion."
"Apple sued by Taiwan phone maker HTC over patents " "NEW YORK Smartphone maker HTC Corp sued Apple Inc  seeking to halt U.S. imports and sales of Macintosh computers  iPads  iPods  iPhones and other devices because of alleged patent infringements."
"Cloud firm Box.net seeks $35 million in new funding " "SAN FRANCISCO Cloud-storage and file-sharing company Box.net is raising $35 million in new funding  underscoring again the appeal of one of Silicon Valley's hottest investment areas."
"Cloud firm Box.net seeks $35 mln in new funding " " * Cloud company has already raised $18.7 million of total"
"Company auditors may need term limits: U.S. watchdog " "NEW YORK Accounting firms are doing a less-than-adequate job auditing corporations  and term limits should be considered to ensure more independence  the head of the main U.S. audit industry watchdog group said on Tuesday."
"Google makes bold bid for Motorola Mobility " "NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc's biggest deal ever  acquiring Motorola Mobility Holdings Inc for $12.5 billion  is an attempt to buy insurance against increasingly aggressive legal attacks from rivals such as Apple Inc. | Video "
"Samsung Galaxy tablet ban lifted in most of Europe " "LONDON Samsung can sell its latest iPad rival in most of Europe again after a German court lifted most of an injunction it had imposed at Apple's request."
"UPDATE 4-Apple sued by Taiwan phone maker HTC over patents " " * Apple says competitors should not steal technology  (Adds Apple comment  closing stock price)"
"UPDATE 4-Company auditors may need term limits -US watchdog " " * Study could affect the way Big Four firms do business (Adds comment from audit industry group)"
"Zoosk looks to attract investors for new financing " " SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 16 Zoosk is looking to attract investors in a new round of financing for the fast-growing online dating website."
"Zoosk looks to attract investors for new financing " "SAN FRANCISCO Zoosk is looking to attract investors in a new round of financing for the fast-growing online dating website."
"Apple  Qualcomm  others eye InterDigital " "NEW YORK Apple Inc  Nokia and Qualcomm Inc are among several technology companies pondering bids for InterDigital Inc  sources familiar with the situation said."
"Apple  Qualcomm  others eye InterDigital - sources " " NEW YORK  Aug 17 Apple Inc   Nokia  and Qualcomm Inc  are among several telecom and technology companies weighing bids for InterDigital Inc   which specializes in wireless communications technologies  sources familiar with the situation said."
"Bang & Olufsen shares jump after strategy update " "STOCKHOLM Shares in Bang & Olufsen A/S  jumped on Wednesday after the Danish luxury electronics maker said it hopes to triple sales and boost margins to pre-crisis levels on the back of a five-year strategy plan that includes a shift in focus toward China."
"HP  Dell hammered as tech-spending outlook darkens " "BANGALORE/SAN FRANCISCO Shares of Hewlett-Packard Co and Dell Inc fell on Wednesday as the outlook for U.S. and European corporate government technology spending dimmed."
"Kodak shares leap as patents take spotlight " " * Kodak has lowest market cap of top patent holders-data"
"Kodak shares leap as patents take spotlight " "NEW YORK Eastman Kodak  shares jumped more than 26 percent and closed as the top gainer on the New York Stock Exchange on Wednesday as investors were drawn to the potential value of its patent portfolio."
"Samsung's Lee eyes deals to boost software prowess-report " " SEOUL  Aug 17 Samsung Electronics  chairman Lee Kun-hee has asked the firm's top management to seek measures including acquisitions to enhance its software prowess  local media reports said on Wednesday."
"Samsung's Lee eyes deals to boost software prowess: report " "SEOUL Samsung Electronics chairman Lee Kun-hee has asked the firm's top management to seek measures including acquisitions to enhance its software prowess  local media reports said on Wednesday."
"UPDATE 2-Apple  Qualcomm  others eye InterDigital - sources " " * Google not formally out  unclear if it will bid -sources"
"UPDATE 3-HP  Dell hammered as tech-spending outlook darkens " " * Shares fall 4-10.6 pct; HP reports Thursday  (Rewrites first paragraphs; adds analyst's comment  byline; previous dateline BANGALORE)"
"Apple moves against knockoffs in New York " " NEW YORK  Aug 18 Apple Inc  has moved swiftly and  until now  secretly to crack down on stores in the Chinatown section of Queens  New York  accused of selling knock-off Apple gear emblazoned with the company's distinctive logo  according to documents unsealed Thursday in Brooklyn federal court."
"DEALTALK-Sizing up who might buy Motorola's phone business " " * Asian vendors  Sony Ericsson seen as potential buyers"
"Deal talk: Sizing up who might buy Motorola's phone business " "SAN FRANCISCO/NEW YORK The ink on Google Inc's  $12.5 billion plan to buy Motorola Mobility  is barely dry  but speculation has already begun about its next deal -- expected by some to be the sale of Motorola's handset business."
"Deal talk: Sizing up who might buy Motorola's phone business " "SAN FRANCISCO/NEW YORK The ink on Google Inc's  $12.5 billion plan to buy Motorola Mobility  is barely dry  but speculation has already begun about its next deal -- expected by some to be the sale of Motorola's handset business."
"Groupon shares mobile location plans with Congress " "SAN FRANCISCO Groupon Inc disclosed some details of its plan to offer location-based offers through mobile phones when the largest daily deal company responded on Thursday to Congressional questions about its privacy policies."
"Instant view: HP plans PC exit  Autonomy buy; cuts outlook " "NEW YORK Hewlett-Packard said on Thursday it is considering a sale or spinoff of its personal computer unit  will halt production of its webOS devices such as the TouchPad  and agreed to buy British software firm Autonomy Corp for $10.2 billion."
"RIM near BlackBerry music service launch - sources " " NEW YORK/TORONTO  Aug 18 BlackBerry maker Research In Motion Ltd  is close to rolling out its own music streaming service that will work across its mobile devices  according to three people familiar with its plans."
"RIM near BlackBerry music service launch: sources " "NEW YORK/TORONTO BlackBerry maker Research In Motion is close to rolling out its own music streaming service that will work across its mobile devices  according to four people familiar with the plans."
"Some law firms to lose out in Google-Motorola deal " " NEW YORK  Aug 18 While Google Inc's  acquisition of Motorola Mobility Holdings Inc  would clearly be a boon for one top litigation boutique  some other prominent law firms could lose out."
"UPDATE 2-RIM near BlackBerry music service launch - sources " " * Music could be integrated into Messenger - source  (Adds RIM declines comment  analyst comment  share price; in U.S. dollars unless noted)"
"Apple is worth as much as all euro zone banks " " LONDON  Aug 19 U.S. technology company Apple  is now worth as much as the 32 biggest euro zone banks."
"Apple is worth as much as all euro zone banks " "LONDON Technology company Apple is now worth as much as the 32 biggest euro zone banks."
"Apple working with suppliers on new iPad: report " "NEW YORK Apple Inc is working with component suppliers and its assembler in Asia for the trial production of the next version of the iPad from October  the Wall Street Journal reported on Friday  citing people familiar with the situation."
"Apple working with suppliers on new iPad -WSJ " " NEW YORK  Aug 19 Apple Inc  is working with component suppliers and its assembler in Asia for the trial production of the next version of the iPad from October  the Wall Street Journal reported on Friday  citing people familiar with the situation."
"Avnet's M&A focus on emerging markets " "BANGALORE Avnet Inc  a distributor of electronic parts and computer gear for the likes of IBM and Apple  is focusing its M&A strategy on emerging markets  where the growth is  seeking to bolster its product offerings in an uncertain market."
"COLUMN-Nortel IP sale helps Google with Motorola: Frankel " "  -- Alison Frankel writes the On the Case blog for Thomson Reuters News & Insight (http://newsandinsight.com). The views expressed are her own. --"
"HP sinks as investors flee business revamp " "NEW YORK/BANGALORE Shares of Hewlett-Packard slumped by more than 20 percent to a six-year low on Friday as investors wiped about $16 billion off the market value of the world's biggest PC maker in a resounding rejection of its plan for a major shake-up. | Video "
"Penney allows Ackman to take bigger stake " "NEW YORK J.C. Penney Co Inc  will allow investor William Ackman to raise his stake in the department store operator  easing a restriction put in place last October when it adopted a provision to stop him from taking over."
"UPDATE 2-Penney allows Ackman to take bigger stake " " * Can't give shares to another if stake goes above 10 pct"
"UPDATE 6-HP sinks as investors flee business revamp " " * Shares close off 20 percent  worst day since 1987  (Adds analyst comment  share price update)"
"Free games boost gaming industry revenue " "COLOGNE  Germany An increase in the number of people playing free games is providing the gaming industry with an additional source of revenue as gamers shell out millions for virtual goods and add-ons."
"Free games boost gaming industry revenue " " COLOGNE  Germany  Aug 20 An increase in the number of people playing free games is providing the gaming industry with an additional source of revenue as gamers shell out millions for virtual goods and add-ons."
"Analysis: HP - Dial ""M"" for mayhem " "SAN FRANCISCO Leo Apotheker's credibility as a CEO is falling along with Hewlett-Packard's stock price."
"Analysis: Google/Motorola could be peak of patent price spike " "SAN FRANCISCO/SEATTLE The bubble in mobile phone technology patent values may just have popped."
"Analysis: HP - Dial ""M"" for mayhem " "SAN FRANCISCO Leo Apotheker's credibility as a CEO is falling along with Hewlett-Packard's stock price."
"HP unveils new PC days after saying it exits unit " " SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 22 Hewlett-Packard  launched a new desktop on Monday  days after the technology company revealed plans to spin off or sell its personal computer unit."
"HP unveils new PC days after saying it exits unit " "SAN FRANCISCO Hewlett-Packard launched a new desktop on Monday  days after the technology company revealed plans to spin off or sell its personal computer unit."
"MP3tunes wins end to part of EMI copyright case " " * MP3tunes said to infringe copyrights on downloaded works"
"REFILE-US STOCKS-Wall St rises on big-cap tech; banks weigh " " * Dow up 0.8 pct  S&P up 0.5 pct  Nasdaq up 0.5 pct"
"UPDATE 1-HP's PC unit review to be done in 8 to 12 weeks " " SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 22 Hewlett-Packard Co  will complete a strategic review of its personal computers unit in the next 8 to 12 weeks  the company's PC chief  Todd Bradley  said on Monday."
"US STOCKS-Wall St rises  but investors stay cautious " " * Market favors shares likely to do well despite economy"
"With HP tablet dead  who can challenge Apple? " "NEW YORK (Reuters)- The sudden demise of Hewlett-Packard Co's  WebOS TouchPad after just seven weeks on shelves was a reminder of how tech giants have failed so far to take a bite out of Apple Inc's  iPad."
"China Telecom says still in talks with Apple on iPhone " "HONG KONG China Telecom Corp Ltd  the smallest of the country's three telecommunications carriers  is still in talks with Apple Inc to carry its iPhone  targeting growth in high-end users."
"China Telecom sees downward pressure on H2 broadband ARPU " " HONG KONG  Aug 23 China Telecom Corp Ltd    the smallest of the country's three telecommunications carriers  said on Tuesday that it sees downward pressure on average revenue per user (ARPU) in the broadband section in the second half."
"European stores slash prices for defunct HP tablet " " LONDON/FRANKFURT  Aug 23 European retailers slashed prices for Hewlett-Packard's TouchPad computers on Monday and Tuesday after just seven weeks on the shelves  in the wake of the U.S. company's announcement that it would kill off the tablet."
"Exclusive: Apple readies cheaper iPhone for growth markets " "TAIPEI/HONG KONG Apple Inc will release a cheaper iPhone 4 within weeks  jeopardizing profit margins to win lower-end customers from rivals such as Nokia in China and other emerging markets. | Video "
"MP3tunes wins end to part of EMI copyright case " "NEW YORK A federal judge on Monday narrowed a lawsuit by EMI Group Ltd and 14 record companies and music publishers that accused MP3tunes LLC of letting users copy their songs without permission."
"Sprint to start selling iPhone 5 mid-Oct: report " "NEW YORK Sprint Nextel will start selling the next version of the Apple Inc iPhone in mid-October  according to a report in the Wall Street Journal that cited unnamed sources."
"UPDATE 1-China Telecom says still in talks with Apple on iPhone " " * Shares up more than 4 percent after H1 results   (Adds details  quotes)"
"UPDATE 1-MP3tunes wins end to part of EMI copyright case " " * MP3tunes said to infringe copyrights on downloaded works"
"UPDATE 3-Sprint to start selling iPhone 5 mid-Oct -WSJ " " * AT&T  Verizon  Sprint to sell iPhone 5 mid-Oct -WSJ"
"Analysis: Outlook for tech spending getting darker " "BOSTON Hopes are rapidly dwindling that there will be even modest growth in technology spending during the second half of 2011. And 2012 may be no better."
"Apple wins ban on some Samsung smartphone sales " "AMSTERDAM Apple won an injunction in a Dutch court on Wednesday to stop Samsung Electronics from marketing three smartphone models in some European countries after alleging a breach of patents."
"COLUMN-2011: A Samsung litigation odyssey: Alison Frankel " " -- Alison Frankel writes the On the Case blog for Thomson Reuters News & Insight (http://newsandinsight.com). The views expressed are her own. --"
"FACTBOX-Apple's history and milestones " " Aug 24 Silicon Valley legend Steve Jobs on Wednesday resigned as chief executive of Apple Inc  in a stunning move that ended his 14-year reign at the technology giant he co-founded in a garage.  [ID:nN1E77N227]"
"Factbox: Apple's history and milestones " "Silicon Valley legend Steve Jobs on Wednesday resigned as chief executive of Apple Inc in a stunning move that ended his 14-year reign at the technology giant he co-founded in a garage."
"Instant view: Apple CEO Jobs resigns  Cook to take over " "NEW YORK Steve Jobs resigned as Apple Inc Chief Executive on Wednesday  without specifying a reason."
"Steve Jobs resigns from Apple  Cook becomes CEO " "SAN FRANCISCO Silicon Valley legend Steve Jobs on Wednesday resigned as chief executive of Apple Inc in a stunning move that ended his 14-year reign at the technology giant he co-founded in a garage. | Video "
"Text: Letter from Steve Jobs resigning as Apple CEO " "Following is a letter from Steve Jobs who resigned on Wednesday as chief executive officer of technology giant Apple Inc:"
"UPDATE 2-Steve Jobs resigns from Apple  Cook becomes CEO " " * Shares resume  dive 7 percent  (Adds share action  analyst's comment)"
"UPDATE 4-Apple wins ban on some Samsung smartphone sales " " * Applies to the Netherlands and other European countries"
"Analysis: Where does Jobs stand among America's iconic CEOs? " "NEW YORK The question is not whether Steve Jobs is an iconic CEO  but where Apple Inc's  co-founder ranks in the pantheon of business leaders who have carved out a place in history."
"How much higher can Apple shares go without Jobs? " "NEW YORK As far as investors can see  the outlook for Apple's shares remains as bright as an iPad screen despite the resignation of Steve Jobs  the company's legendary co-founder  as chief executive."
"INSIGHT-UPDATE 4-Jobs exit opens door for nimble Apple rivals " " * All battling for supremacy in booming smartphone market  (Adds analyst and executive comments  background)"
"Investors sanguine as Apple's Jobs steps aside " "SAN FRANCISCO/NEW YORK Apple Inc's first day without Steve Jobs as chief executive looked awfully similar to most other days: its share price beat the broader stock market. | Video "
"OmniVision sees Q2 below estimates  shares dive " "BANGALORE OmniVision Technologies Inc  forecast second-quarter results well below estimates  hinting at a loss of market share in its key smartphone image sensor business  sending its shares down 25 percent in extended trade."
"Pandora Media revenue beats on strong ad sales " "NEW YORK Online radio service Pandora Media Inc reported results that beat expectations on strong advertising sales in its fiscal second quarter."
"Tense market falls ahead of Bernanke speech " "NEW YORK Stocks fell on Thursday as investors raised cash ahead of a critical speech from Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke  hoping he will give them a clearer picture of the Fed's plans for the struggling economy. | Video "
"UPDATE 3-AMD ends CEO search  hires Lenovo executive " " * He promises to be aggressive in adding mobile products"
"UPDATE 3-Pandora Media revenue beats on strong ad sales " " * Adj EPS 2 cents vs loss of 3 cents per share St. view"
"WRAPUP 5-Investors sanguine as Apple's Jobs steps aside " " * At least 13 brokerages maintain ratings on stock  (Adds link to package of Reuters stories)"
"Analysis: History shows iconic CEOs tough act to follow " "SEATTLE How does a company recover from the loss of an iconic leader like Steve Jobs at Apple Inc ?"
"Analysis: When a slimmer iPhone just isn't good enough " "NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO Tim Cook has big shoes to fill and he can't do it by just pushing out snazzier versions of the iPhone or iPad. | Video "
"Analysis: Where does Jobs stand among America's iconic CEOs? " "NEW YORK The question is not whether Steve Jobs is an iconic CEO  but where Apple Inc's co-founder ranks in the pantheon of business leaders who have carved out a place in history."
"How much higher can Apple shares go without Jobs? " "NEW YORK As far as investors can see  the outlook for Apple's shares remains as bright as an iPad screen despite the resignation of Steve Jobs  the company's legendary co-founder  as chief executive."
"INSIGHT-Apple's board set for bigger role under new regime " " NEW YORK  Aug 26 The departure of Steve Jobs as Apple's CEO is likely to trigger some major changes for the company's board."
"Insight: Apple's board set for bigger role under new regime " "NEW YORK The departure of Steve Jobs as Apple's CEO is likely to trigger some major changes for the company's board. | Video "
"OmniVision sinks on fears of losing business at Apple " "Shares of OmniVision Technologies Inc  lost over a quarter of their value in pre-market trading  a day after the camera sensor maker forecast a weak second quarter  raising fears that it is losing business at top customer Apple Inc ."
"Photo of seemingly frail Jobs appears on Web " "LOS ANGELES A photograph appearing to show an emaciated Steve Jobs surfaced on celebrity website TMZ  which said the picture was taken on Friday  two days after he resigned as Apple Inc's CEO."
"Photo of seemingly frail Jobs appears on Web " " LOS ANGELES  Aug 26 A photograph appearing to show an emaciated Steve Jobs surfaced on celebrity website TMZ  which said the picture was taken on Friday  two days after he resigned as Apple Inc's  CEO."
"Insight: Apple's board set for bigger role under new regime " "NEW YORK The departure of Steve Jobs as Apple's CEO is likely to trigger some major changes for the company's board. | Video "
"Photo of seemingly frail Jobs appears on Web " "LOS ANGELES A photograph appearing to show an emaciated Steve Jobs surfaced on celebrity website TMZ  which said the picture was taken on Friday  two days after he resigned as Apple Inc's CEO."
"When a slimmer iPhone just isn't good enough " "NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO Tim Cook has big shoes to fill and he can't do it by just pushing out snazzier versions of the iPhone or iPad. | Video "
"Analysis: When a slimmer iPhone just isn't good enough " "NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO Tim Cook has big shoes to fill and he can't do it by just pushing out snazzier versions of the iPhone or iPad. | Video "
"Amazon may sell 3-5 million tablets in Q4: Forrester " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc may sell as many as 5 million tablet computers in the fourth quarter  making the largest Internet retailer the top competitor to Apple Inc in this fast-growing niche of the consumer PC market  Forrester Research said on Monday."
"Amazon may sell 3-5 mln tablets in Q4-Forrester " " SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 29 Amazon.com Inc  may sell as many as five million tablet computers in the fourth quarter  making the largest Internet retailer the top competitor to Apple Inc  in this fast-growing niche of the consumer PC market  Forrester Research said on Monday."
"Foxconn Intl H1 net loss narrows to $17.65 mln " " HONG KONG  Aug 29 Foxconn International Holdings    the world's top contract cellphone maker  posted a narrower first-half net loss  logging a third consecutive half-year loss because of a weak product mix from key clients."
"HP says prefers to spin off PC unit " "SAN FRANCISCO Hewlett-Packard said on Monday it prefers to spin off its personal computers unit and is currently working on understanding the larger implications of separating the business from the company."
"Samsung delays tablet launch in Australia on Apple suit " " "
"Samsung delays tablet launch in Australia on Apple suit " "SEOUL Samsung Electronics Co said on Monday it would delay the launch of its latest Galaxy tablet computer in Australia until after a court ruling in September in its ongoing global patent dispute with Apple."
"Samsung launches mobile instant messaging tool " " SEOUL  Aug 29 Samsung Electronics Co  said on Monday it would launch a mobile instant messaging tool in its latest push to attract more consumers to its handsets and challenge rivals such as Apple and BlackBerry maker Research in Motion ."
"Samsung launches mobile instant messaging tool " "SEOUL Samsung Electronics Co said on Monday it would launch a mobile instant messaging tool in its latest push to attract more consumers to its handsets and challenge rivals such as Apple and BlackBerry maker Research in Motion."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon may sell 3-5 mln tablets in Q4 -Forrester " " * New tablet may lure more developers to Android  (Adds Venture Capitalist comments)"
"UPDATE 1-HP says prefers to spin off PC unit " " SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 29 Hewlett-Packard  said on Monday it prefers to spin off its personal computers unit and is currently working on understanding the larger implications of separating the business from the company."
"Amazon may sell 3-5 million tablets in Q4: Forrester " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc may sell as many as 5 million tablet computers in the fourth quarter  making the largest Internet retailer the top competitor to Apple Inc in this fast-growing niche of the consumer PC market  Forrester Research said on Monday."
"Barnes & Noble sees strong Nook growth " "NEW YORK Barnes & Noble Inc forecast sales of its Nook e-reader and e-books would more than double this fiscal year to $1.8 billion and said book sales would get a lift from the demise of rival Borders  sending its shares up 8 percent"
"COLUMN-Jobs made Apple great by ignoring profit-Christensen " " -- Clayton M. Christensen is the Robert and Jane Cizik Professor of Business Administration at the Harvard Business School  and is regarded as the world's foremost expert on innovation and growth. James Allworth is a Fellow at the Forum for Growth and Innovation at Harvard Business School. The opinions expressed here are their own --"
"HP says prefers to spin off PC unit " "SAN FRANCISCO Hewlett-Packard said on Monday it prefers to spin off its personal computers unit and is currently working on understanding the larger implications of separating the business from the company."
"PRESS DIGEST - Wall Street Journal - Aug 30 " " Aug 30 The following were the top stories in The Wall Street Journal on Tuesday. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy."
"RIM rises on new BlackBerrys  changing landscape " "TORONTO The launch of a string of well-received BlackBerry smartphones helped Research In Motion stock gain 6 percent on Tuesday and almost 50 percent since hitting a five-year low on August 8."
"Samsung unveils 3 smartphones to run on own platform " "SEOUL Samsung Electronics unveiled three smartphone models that run on its own operating system  as it seeks to expand market share in the low-end segment and diversify its lineups heavily focused on Google's Android software."
"UPDATE 1-Samsung unveils 3 smartphones to run on own platform " " (Updates with latest figure for Apple apps in final paragraph)"
"UPDATE 1-ZTE posts first half-yearly profit fall in 4 yrs " " HONG KONG  Aug 30 ZTE Corp     China's second-biggest phone and telecommunications-gear maker  suffered a 12.4 percent fall in first-half net profit  its first drop since 2007 as fierce competition ate into margins."
"UPDATE 4-Barnes & Noble sees strong Nook growth;shares jump " " * Sees FY loss 10-50 cts/share vs Street view loss 16 cts"
"Analysis: Big-name stocks cheaper than during 2008-09 crisis " "NEW YORK One out of every 10 companies in the S&P 500 index -- including stalwarts like Apple and JPMorgan Chase -- is now cheaper than during the 2008-2009 market meltdown."
"Apple criticized for China supply chain pollution " "BEIJING Chinese environmental groups accused Apple Inc of turning a blind eye as its suppliers pollute the country  the latest criticism of the technology company's environmental record."
"Lawsuit says Microsoft tracks customers without consent " "SAN FRANCISCO Microsoft allegedly tracks the location of its mobile customers even after users request that tracking software be turned off  according to a new lawsuit."
"Lawsuit says Microsoft tracks customers without consent " " * Tech industry has been criticized over unwanted tracking"
"Openwave alleges Apple  RIM infringed patents " "TORONTO Software maker Openwave Systems filed a complaint against Apple and Research In Motion on Wednesday  alleging infringement of five of its patents relating to mobile Internet technology."
"RIM's head of developer relations resigns " "TORONTO Research In Motion's head of developer relations  Mike Kirkup  has resigned  the latest in a string of departures as the BlackBerry maker seeks to claw back ground lost to Apple and Google."
"Salesforce.com's Benioff inspired by Arab Spring " " SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 31 Web-based software maker Salesforce.com  Inc's chief executive  Marc Benioff  unveiled a slew of social networking tools and said he was inspired by recent revolutions in Egypt and Libya."
"Salesforce.com's Benioff inspired by Arab Spring " "SAN FRANCISCO Web-based software maker Salesforce.com Inc's Chief Executive Marc Benioff unveiled a slew of social networking tools and said he was inspired by recent revolutions in Egypt and Libya."
"Sony tablets fail to impress on price  hardware " "NEW YORK/BERLIN Sony's hopes of dominating consumer electronics once again with its new tablets suffered a crushing blow on Wednesday from analysts and gadget reviewers whose first impressions were overwhelmingly bad."
"UPDATE 4-Sony tablets fail to impress on price  hardware " " * Analysts concerned high price will turn off consumers"
"Best Buy cuts $150 from price tag for RIM PlayBook " " TORONTO  Sept 1 Big box retailer Best Buy  slashed $150 off the U.S. price tag for the largest-memory version of Research In Motion's  PlayBook tablet computer in the United States."
"Costco CEO's legacy continues as he steps down " "CHICAGO Jim Sinegal built a retail empire with a simple credo: don't overcharge for anything  not even hot dogs."
"Costco CEO's legacy continues as he steps down " " * Known to walk through stores  keep hot dogs at low price"
"Google and Motorola shouldn't worry about DOJ's AT&T suit " " -- Alison Frankel writes the On the Case blog for Thomson Reuters News & Insight (http://newsandinsight.com). The views expressed are her own. --"
"Insight: Google  Motorola shouldn't worry about DOJ's AT&T suit " "NEW YORK When the Justice Department stomps in to block a $39 billion deal that would have brought 5 000 jobs to the United States  you have to believe that regulators are serious about wielding their antitrust enforcement power. DOJ's 25-page complaint seeking to bar AT&T's acquisition of T-Mobile USA is an emphatic document that asserts competition in the wireless industry is ""essential to ensuring continued innovation and maintaining low prices."" So if that's the case  what ab"
"Milner  Conway back ex-Google China chief's tech fund " "HONG KONG Innovation Works  founded by former Google  China head Kai-Fu Lee  said Facebook investor Yuri Milner and American angel investor Ron Conway are among financial backers of its Internet fund that has just raised $180 million to help young Chinese grow their startup firms."
"UPDATE 1-Best Buy cuts price of RIM PlayBook for weekend " " * RIM shipped 500 000 PlayBooks in first months after launch"
"UPDATE 1-HTC unveils new Windows phones  confident on H2 " " * unveils 2 Windows Phones  including top-of-the-range Titan"
"Veteran Apple executive Eddy Cue gets expanded role " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc promoted veteran executive Eddy Cue to senior vice president of Internet software and services  marking one of the first personnel moves by new Chief Executive Tim Cook  who succeeded Steve Jobs last week."
"Veteran Apple executive gets expanded role " " SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 1 Apple Inc  promoted veteran executive Eddy Cue to senior vice president of Internet software and services  marking one of the first personnel moves by new Chief Executive Tim Cook  who succeeded Steve Jobs last week."
"Amazon tablet coming November at $250: TechCrunch " "LOS ANGELES Amazon.com Inc plans to unveil a cheaper  smaller $250 rival to Apple Inc's iPad tablet device in November  industry blog TechCrunch reported on Friday."
"Amazon tablet coming November at $250-TechCrunch " " LOS ANGELES  Sept 2 Amazon.com Inc  plans to unveil a cheaper  smaller $250 rival to Apple Inc's  iPad tablet device in November  industry blog TechCrunch reported on Friday."
"Best Buy cuts price of RIM PlayBook for weekend " "TORONTO Big box retailer Best Buy has slashed up to $150 off the U.S. price tag for Research In Motion's PlayBook tablet computer for the Labor Day weekend."
"CORRECTED-Apple target site embroiled in sunlight wrangle " " (Corrects paragraph six to say this month not next month)"
"Google-Motorola deal won't end Android suits-Nokia exec " " HELSINKI  Sept 2 Google's move to buy Motorola Mobility will not put an end to patent lawsuits against the Android platform as the web search giant is hoping  a Nokia executive said in a report on Friday."
"Google-Motorola deal won't end Android suits: Nokia executive " "HELSINKI Google's move to buy Motorola Mobility will not put an end to patent lawsuits against the Android platform as the web search giant is hoping  a Nokia executive said in a report on Friday."
"PRESS DIGEST - New York Times business news - Sept 2 " " Sept 2 The following were the top stories in The New York Times business pages on Friday. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy."
"Sony tablets face tough sell on price  hardware " "TOKYO/NEW YORK Sony's new tablet computers failed to excite gadget reviewers and analysts who criticized the pricing and quality of the devices  underscoring the battle Sony faces regaining its consumer electronics crown. | Video "
"UPDATE 1-WiLan starts patent litigation against Apple  8 others " " Sept 2 Canadian technology licensing company WiLan Inc said on Friday it had begun its patent infringement cases against Apple Inc   Dell   Hewlett-Packard and six other companies."
"Apple hunted lost item - clue points to new iPhone " "OAKLAND  California San Francisco police said on Friday they had helped Apple Inc security search for a ""lost item "" following a week of reports that a prototype of the newest iPhone had gone missing in July."
"Apple hunted lost item -- clue points to new iPhone " " OAKLAND  Calif.  Sept 2 San Francisco police said on Friday they had helped Apple Inc  security search for a ""lost item "" following a week of reports that a prototype of the newest iPhone had gone missing in July."
"Amazon reworks website before new tablet: reports " " * Online store better displays digital wares: tech blogger"
"Amazon reworks website before offering new tablet " "NEW YORK Amazon.com Inc is rolling out a major redesign of its familiar website as it prepares to offer a new $250 tablet device to rival Apple Inc's iPad."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon reworks website before offering new tablet " " * Online store better displays digital wares: tech blogger"
"App finds restaurants using your smartphone " " BANGKOK  Sept 5 Tired of digging through long-winded restaurant reviews to find a great meal? Next time  turn to your smartphone where personalized search engines will lead your stomach in the right direction."
"App finds restaurants using your smartphone " "BANGKOK Tired of digging through long-winded restaurant reviews to find a great meal? Next time  turn to your smartphone where personalized search engines will lead your stomach in the right direction."
"App finds restaurants using your smartphone " "BANGKOK Tired of digging through long-winded restaurant reviews to find a great meal? Next time  turn to your smartphone where personalized search engines will lead your stomach in the right direction."
"CORRECTED-UPDATE 1-HP exec says PC unit spinoff ""best value"" " " (Corrects Aug. 30 story to make clear in the headline and text that the HP executive did not say the TouchPad tablet would be resurrected but said a tablet could be an option for a spin-off company)"
"German court bans sales of Samsung's new 7.7-inch tablet " "SEOUL Samsung Electronics Co has stopped promoting its new tablet computer at Europe's biggest consumer electronics fair after a court-ordered sales injunction in Germany  the latest setback in its global patent battle with Apple Inc."
"German court bans sales of Samsung's new 7.7-inch tablet " " SEOUL  Sept 5 Samsung Electronics Co  has stopped promoting its new tablet computer at Europe's biggest consumer electronics fair after a court-ordered sales injunction in Germany  the latest setback in its global patent battle with Apple Inc ."
"HP exec says PC unit spinoff ""best value"" " "BEIJING A spin-off of Hewlett-Packard Co's PC unit would be the best value for shareholders  according to the head of its PC division  who added that tablet computing was ""relevant"" to the future market for any spinoff."
"PRESS DIGEST - New York Times business news - Sept 5 " " Sept 5 The following were the top stories in The New York Times business pages on Monday. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy."
"PRESS DIGEST - Wall Street Journal - Sept 5 " " Sept 5 The following were the top stories in The Wall Street Journal on Monday. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy."
"Apple to open first Hong Kong store this quarter " "SHANGHAI Apple Inc said on Tuesday it will open its first Hong Kong retail store this quarter and is targeting another Shanghai store opening by the end of the year."
"Apple to open first Hong Kong store this quarter " " SHANGHAI  Sept 6 Apple Inc said on Tuesday it will open its first Hong Kong retail store this quarter and is targeting another Shanghai store opening by the end of the year."
"RIM investor urges fast shake-up; shares rise " "TORONTO An activist shareholder in Research In Motion said on Tuesday it wants the struggling BlackBerry maker to consider selling itself or spinning off its patent portfolio  sending RIM's share price higher."
"UPDATE 2-RIM investor urges fast shake-up; shares rise " " * Jaguar wants independent directors to control RIM's fate"
"Nvidia up on outlook  analysts skeptical " "Shares of Nvidia Corp jumped more than 11 percent on Wednesday  as investors bet on strong sales for the company's chips used in mobile devices like smartphones and tablets."
"Nvidia up on outlook  analysts skeptical " "Shares of Nvidia Corp  jumped more than 11 percent on Wednesday  as investors bet on strong sales for the company's chips used in mobile devices like smartphones and tablets."
"RIM investor urges fast shake-up " "TORONTO An activist shareholder in Research In Motion said on Tuesday it wants the struggling BlackBerry maker to consider selling itself or spinning off its patent portfolio  sending RIM's share price higher."
"Apple taps Japan court to ban sales of Samsung phones " "TOKYO Apple is seeking to ban sales of some Samsung Electronics gadgets in Japan  accusing its rival of violating patents relating to the iPhone and iPad  the latest salvo in a series of patent battles between the two companies."
"Bartz battles to retain Yahoo board seat " "SAN FRANCISCO Former Yahoo Inc Chief Executive Carol Bartz and her erstwhile employer are dueling over Bartz's board seat  which she says she wants to keep  despite being fired from running the company."
"Google buys Zagat to vie with OpenTable  Yelp " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc has bought popular dining ratings authority Zagat  adding a valuable brand to its content offerings and bolstering its push into the rapidly growing local commerce market."
"HTC extends lawsuit versus Apple to patents from Google " "TAIPEI HTC Corp has extended its lawsuit against Apple Inc to include nine more patents the Taiwanese firm acquired from Google Inc last week  underscoring intensifying legal actions between the Google camp and Apple."
"Tablet boom prompts Gartner to cut PC market view " "HELSINKI Research firm Gartner slashed its growth forecast for the global PC market this year to 3.8 percent from 9.3 percent  citing slower economies in Western Europe and the United States  and a boom in media tablets."
"UPDATE 2-Apple taps Japan court to ban sales of Samsung phones " " * Apple seeks to halt Japan sales of Galaxy smartphones  Tab 7"
"UPDATE 3-Bartz battles to retain Yahoo board seat " " (Editor's note: Language in paragraph 9 may be offensive to some readers)"
"UPDATE 4-Google buys Zagat to vie with OpenTable  Yelp " " * OpenTable shares get hammered  (Rewrites first paragraph; changes dateline to San Francisco; adds Google executive comments and analyst comments)"
"US STOCKS-Futures flat ahead of Obama speech " " * Futures: S&P off 0.7 pt  Dow off 7 pts  Nasdaq up 6.5"
"Vivendi pay-TV unit to buy Bollore channels " " * Canal+ plans majority stake in tycoon's free TV channels"
"Apple wins German court ruling on Samsung tablets " "DUESSELDORF  Germany Apple Inc scored a symbolic legal victory in efforts to keep its lead spot in the tablet computer market when a German court upheld a ban barring Samsung's local unit from selling its Galaxy 10.1 tablets in Europe's biggest economy. | Video "
"DEALTALK-Mosaid asks investors for time as WiLan circles " " * WiLan bid fails to account for potential growth -Mosaid"
"Exclusive: Evernote considers IPO as growth picks up " "NEW YORK Evernote  which makes a popular app for taking notes and storing data on tablets  phones and personal computers  is considering filing for an initial public offering by the end of next year  its chief executive told Reuters on Friday."
"Google buys Zagat to vie with OpenTable  Yelp " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc has bought popular dining ratings authority Zagat  adding a valuable brand to its content offerings and bolstering its push into the rapidly growing local commerce market."
"PRESS DIGEST - Financial Times - Sept 9 " " Jean-Claude Trichet has vented his anger at German critics of the European Central Bank's handling of the eurozone debt crisis  saying governments had failed to shoulder their own responsibilities and his bank deserved more praise for combating inflation."
"UPDATE 1-German court upholds injunction against Samsung " " DUESSELDORF  Germany  Sept 9 A German court on Friday upheld an injunction requested by Apple barring the sales of Samsung Galaxy tablets in Germany."
"UPDATE 4-Apple wins German court ruling on Samsung tablets " " * German unit also barred from selling tablets in most of Europe   (Adds analyst comment  retailer comment)"
"Amazon in talks to launch digital book library -WSJ " " * Amazon's media library similar to Netflix model -report"
"Amazon in talks to launch digital book library: WSJ " "NEW YORK Amazon.com Inc is in talks with book publishers about launching a media library service similar to Netflix Inc for tablets and other digital books  The Wall Street Journal reported on Sunday."
"Amazon in talks to launch digital book library: report " "NEW YORK Amazon.com Inc is in talks with book publishers about launching a media library service similar to Netflix Inc for tablets and other digital books  The Wall Street Journal reported on Sunday."
"Tablet boom prompts Gartner to cut PC market view " "HELSINKI Research firm Gartner slashed its growth forecast for the global PC market this year to 3.8 percent from 9.3 percent  citing slower economies in Western Europe and the United States  and a boom in media tablets."
"Tokyo Game Show to highlight rise of social games " " * Nintendo to struggle to revive 3DS interest at Sept. 13 event"
"UPDATE 1-Tokyo Game Show to highlight rise of social games " " * Nintendo to struggle to revive 3DS interest at Sept. 13 event"
"Bets on euro zone progress boost Wall Street " "NEW YORK Stocks gained on Tuesday as investors bought shares beaten down in recent weeks and bet European leaders would take action soon to ease the Greek debt crisis. | Video "
"Developers get early taste of Windows 8 " "ANAHEIM  California Microsoft Corp handed out 5 000 sleek Samsung tablet computers running a test version of Windows 8 at its annual developer conference on Tuesday  hoping to stoke excitement over its new operating system."
"Google bid for Motorola rose in negotiation: filing " "Google Inc  raised its offer for Motorola Mobility Holdings Inc  by 33 percent to $12.5 billion over two weeks of negotiations between the two companies  according to a regulatory filing on Tuesday."
"Google bid for Motorola rose in negotiation-filing " " Sept 12 Google Inc  raised its offer for Motorola Mobility Holdings Inc  by 33 percent to $12.5 billion over two weeks of negotiations between the two companies  according to a regulatory filing on Tuesday."
"Intel  Google unveil Android mobile partnership " "SAN FRANCISCO Intel Corp and Google Inc launched a development partnership on Tuesday  the latest effort by the world's dominant maker of PC microprocessors to break into the booming smartphone market."
"Momentum grows for U.S. wireless spectrum bill " " * Public safety spurs push for incentive auction authority"
"Momentum grows for U.S. wireless spectrum bill " "WASHINGTON Washington insiders have high hopes for legislation this year that would open up large swaths of spectrum to wireless companies desperate to meet the booming demand for data-heavy wireless devices."
"UPDATE 2-Intel  Google unveil Android mobile partnership " " * Early days yet to declare winners  losers  (Adds details from conference  experts' comments)"
"US STOCKS-Bets on euro zone progress boost shares " " * Dow up 0.4 pct  S&P up 0.9 pct  Nasdaq up 1.5 pct"
"US STOCKS-Bets on euro zone progress boost Wall Street " " * Dow up 0.4 pct  S&P up 0.9 pct  Nasdaq up 1.5 pct"
"Developers get early taste of Windows 8 " "ANAHEIM  California Microsoft Corp handed out 5 000 sleek Samsung tablet computers running a test version of Windows 8 at its annual developer conference on Tuesday  hoping to stoke excitement over its new operating system. | Video "
"Google bid for Motorola rose in negotiation: filing " "Google Inc raised its offer for Motorola Mobility Holdings Inc by 33 percent to $12.5 billion over two weeks of negotiations between the two companies  according to a regulatory filing on Tuesday."
"PRESS DIGEST - Financial Times - Sept 14 " " Bob Diamond  Barclays' chief executive  has given a surprisingly warm welcome to the Vickers Commission report in the first public response from a UK bank chief executive to the proposed industry revamp. http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3a26592c-de3b-11e0-9fb7-00144feabdc0.html#axzz1XmY8mJKm"
"Apple settles with Queens stores over knockoffs " " Sept 15 Two stores in Queens  New York  accused of peddling unauthorized Apple Inc  accessories have agreed to hand over all products in their inventories bearing the word ""Apple"" or any of the company's ubiquitous trademarks."
"Apple settles with Queens stores over knockoffs " "Two stores in Queens  New York  accused of peddling unauthorized Apple Inc accessories have agreed to hand over all products in their inventories bearing the word ""Apple"" or any of the company's ubiquitous trademarks."
"FTC proposes kids' online privacy rule update " "A proposed update of the U.S. online privacy rule for children would revise definitions of personal information and beef up parental consent mechanisms to reflect technological changes."
"How to play it: Did Netflix's very bad day create value? " "THE ISSUE: Netflix Inc  one of the most closely-watched ""momentum"" stocks""  dropped nearly 20 percent on Thursday. Is it time to buy 'bargain' shares in the fast-expanding web video service?"
"HOW TO PLAY IT - Did Netflix's very bad day create value? " " THE ISSUE: Netflix Inc   one of the most closely-watched ""momentum"" stocks""  dropped nearly 20 percent on Thursday. Is it time to buy 'bargain' shares in the fast-expanding web video service?"
"HP should reconsider dumping TouchPad: research firm " "HELSINKI Hewlett-Packard Co (HP) should reconsider its decision to dump its TouchPad tablet since the device could double the value of the PC division HP plans to spin off  technology research firm Canalys said in a note to clients."
"RIM results  outlook stun investors even after warning " "Research In Motion reported a steep drop in quarterly profit on limp sales of its smartphones and tablets  and offered investors little hope of a turnaround anytime soon  sending its shares tumbling. | Video "
"UPDATE 1-US proposes kids' online privacy rule update " " * Adds provision addressing location-tracking  (Rewrites with further details of proposal  reaction)"
"UPDATE 4-RIM results  outlook stun investors even after warning " " * Q2 EPS $0.80  revenue $4.2 bln; sees Q3 EPS $1.20-$1.40"
"US FTC seeks boost in online privacy for children " " Sept 15 The Federal Trade Commission is proposing new safeguards to heighten protection of children's personal information online."
"Analysis: Music industry banks on free in effort to get paid " "NEW YORK The future of the music business is social  free -- and hopefully profitable."
"BlackBerry bashed as questions swirl about future " "Investors drove Research In Motion's stock down 20 percent on Friday as dismal quarterly results raised prospects that the BlackBerry maker will be sold  broken up  or at least placed under new leadership. | Video "
"BlackBerry maker's missteps stir talk of its sale " "Research In Motion's dismal quarterly results  the latest in a string of disappointments for shareholders  may have pleased prospective buyers coveting the BlackBerry maker's treasure trove of wireless patents."
"CORRECTED-Risk-wary UK mall developers prune project plans " " * Mall developers pare back project budgets  blueprints"
"EBay builds new division to woo developers " "  * E-commerce giant revives X.com from PayPal's early days"
"EBay builds new division to woo developers " "SAN FRANCISCO Ebay Inc is building a new division to woo developers and attract more merchants as the company tries to emulate the success of Apple Inc's iOS platform in the e-commerce world."
"Irish startup sells translation for app developers " "Irish startup Tethras on Friday rolled out a translation service aimed at helping mobile application developers target non-English speaking users."
"Irish startup sells translation for app developers " " Sept 16 Irish startup Tethras on Friday rolled out a translation service aimed at helping mobile application developers target non-English speaking users."
"UPDATE 2-BlackBerry bashed as questions swirl about future " " * Co-CEOs under fire; analyst says management in denial"
"Analysis: Netflix's new name is slow to catch hold " "It's difficult to remember  harder to spell and may go down as one of the biggest brand blunders in recent memory -- meet Qwikster."
"CORRECTED-EBay builds new division to woo developers " " (Corrects 14th paragraph of Sept 16 story to show the ratio of profit for ebay vs developer is $1 to $20  not $1 to $15  as earlier sent)"
"EBay builds new division to woo developers " "SAN FRANCISCO Ebay Inc is building a new division to woo developers and attract more merchants as the company tries to emulate the success of Apple Inc's iOS platform in the e-commerce world."
"German stocks - Factors to watch on September 19 " " FRANKFURT  Sept 19 The DAX top-30 index  looked set to open 2.5 percent lower on Monday  according to premarket data from brokerage Lang & Schwarz at 0615 GMT."
"HOW TO PLAY IT: Taxing days ahead for wealth investors " " THE ISSUE: Obama's proposed new tax plan threatens some sacred cows for upper income investors by adding a minimum tax on those with more than $1 million in income and putting caps on some tax breaks for high-end income earners."
"RPT-EBay builds new division to woo developers " " (Corrects in 14th paragraph the ratio of profit for ebay vs developer to $1 to $20  not $1 to $15  as earlier sent)"
"Samsung considers legal action over Apple's new iPhone: source " "Samsung Electronics Co is considering legal actions to ban sales of Apple's new iPhone  a source who is familiar with the matter said on Tuesday  in its latest move to defend against claims by the U.S. firm that the South Korean firm had copied its product designs."
"US STOCKS-Wall Street slides on European debt fears " " * European policymakers fail to calm growing debt fears"
"US STOCKS-Wall St snaps winning streak on Europe uncertainty " " * Late comeback follows report of possible bailout deal"
"Wall Street snaps winning streak on Europe uncertainty " "NEW YORK Stocks fell on Monday but staged a late comeback after fears of a looming Greek debt default diminished on news of a possible deal to advance new bailout funds to Greece. | Video "
"Google+ opens up  takes fight to Facebook " "Google Inc and Facebook trotted out a variety of new social networking features in back-to-back announcements on Tuesday  underscoring their intensifying competition for Web surfers."
"HTC  Verizon bet on purple with Rhyme phone " "NEW YORK HTC Corp is hoping to attract fashion-conscious customers by adding color and accessories to its smartphones as it tries to expand into a new market segment amid slowing growth."
"Microsoft boosts dividend 25 percent " "Microsoft Corp announced a 25 percent increase in its quarterly dividend on Tuesday to 20 cents per share  as the technology giant hands more cash back to shareholders frustrated with its stagnant share price."
"Microsoft boosts dividend 25 percent " " Sept 20 Microsoft Corp   announced a 25 percent increase in its quarterly dividend on Tuesday to 20 cents per share  as the technology giant hands more cash back to shareholders frustrated with its stagnant share price."
"REFILE-US STOCKS-Wall St gains  but off highs as defensives lead " " * Dow up 1 pct  S&P up 0.8 pct  Nasdaq up 0.2 pct  * For up-to-the-minute market news see [STXNEWS/US]  (Updates to late afternoon  changes byline)"
"RIM will struggle to restore credibility: analyst " "BlackBerry maker Research In Motion must launch innovative devices on schedule and offer credible earnings forecasts to win back the trust of investors made wary by its missteps  an analyst said on Tuesday."
"UPDATE 1-RIM will struggle to restore credibility - analyst " "  *RBC says near-term RIM shares to be at rock bottom prices   * RBC cuts price target on poor execution  lost credibility   * RIM's U.S. sales halved from year earlier in 2nd quarter  (Adds company filing  background  closing share price)"
"UPDATE 3-Google+ opens up  takes fight to Facebook " " * No user numbers given  (Adds Facebook announcement details; rewrites first paragraph)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St ends flat as early gains evaporate " " * Dow up 0.07 pct  S&P off 0.2 pct  Nasdaq off 0.9 pct  * For up-to-the-minute market news see [STXNEWS/US]  (Updates to close)"
"Wall Street ends flat as early gains evaporate " "NEW YORK Stocks ended little changed on Tuesday as investors waited to see if the Federal Reserve would offer more economic stimulus and if Greece made progress in talks to avoid a default. | Video "
"EA wants Facebook's users  $3 billion in digital sales " "NEW YORK Electronic Arts Inc may never recover its Silicon Valley swagger. But maybe it doesn't have to  its top executive says."
"HOW TO PLAY IT: Solyndra case: Solar's darkest hour " "   THE ISSUE: The once squeaky-clean solar power industry hits its nadir as Solyndra's executives invoke the Fifth Amendment when Congress asks the solar power manufacturer Friday to explain how it took a $535 million loan and quickly went bankrupt. Will the shakeout it spurs in solar create value in the stocks?"
"PocketCloud hits emerging mobile cloud market " " Sept 21 U.S. firm Wyse Technology on Wednesday rolled out a new version of its PocketCloud application  enabling free sharing of music and videos between consumers' mobile devices."
"Sprint CEO: 2011 targets exclude any iPhone launch " " NEW YORK  Sept 21 Sprint Nextel  would need to change its full year guidance for 2011 if the company started selling the Apple Inc  iPhone  Chief Executive Dan Hesse said on Wednesday."
"Sprint CEO: 2011 targets exclude any iPhone launch " "NEW YORK Sprint Nextel Corp would need to change its full year guidance for 2011 if the company started selling the Apple Inc iPhone  Chief Executive Dan Hesse said on Wednesday at a conference."
"UPDATE 1-Wyse PocketCloud hits emerging mobile clound market " " * Prices service at $1/month  well below rivals  (Adds analyst comment  details)"
"UPDATE 2-Sprint CEO: 2011 targets exclude any iPhone launch " " * Says DoJ may not insist on 4 national U.S. operators  (Adds AT&T comment  share price update)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St slips ahead of Fed policy statement " " * Oracle forecasts profit above estimates; tech sector up"
"US STOCKS-Wall St trims bets ahead of Fed statement " " * Oracle forecasts profit above estimates; sends techs up"
"Wyse PocketCloud hits emerging mobile cloud market " "U.S.-based Wyse Technology has rolled out a new version of its PocketCloud application  enabling free sharing of music and videos between consumers' mobile devices."
"CORRECTED - Silicon Valley flop Color tries to reinvent itself " " (Corrects 22nd paragraph to explain Lala's business is a CD-sharing business.)"
"FT Web-based app more popular than app sold in Apple store " "More than 700 000 people use the Financial Times' Web-based mobile application to access news and other content  making it more popular than the version sold in Apple's App Store."
"FT Web-based app more popular than app sold in Apple store " " * Web app users have overtaken users on native Apple apps"
"Japan's KDDI in talks to sell Apple's iPhone 5 -source " " TOKYO  Sept 22 Japanese mobile carrier KDDI  is working on a deal with Apple to sell the iPhone 5 in Japan  a source familiar with the matter told Reuters."
"Logitech's acting CEO warns on profit " "ZURICH Logitech  the world's largest computer mouse maker  issued its second profit warning in eight weeks  slashing its forecast for full-year profit and sales after a review by its acting chief executive  sending its shares down 12 percent."
"Samsung starts new chip line to boost flash memory " "SEOUL Samsung Electronics  the world's No.1 memory chip maker  said it started mass production at a new $10 billion chip line  as it seeks to raise its share in the booming flash memory chip market fueled by robust demand growth in mobile products."
"Silicon Valley flop Color tries to reinvent itself " "SAN FRANCISCO Bill Nguyen is getting what many Silicon Valley entrepreneurs can only dream of: a second shot."
"Softbank faces setback in Japan iPhone 5 shakeup " "TOKYO Softbank Corp's  lucrative gig as the sole iPhone vendor in Japan faces trouble as rival KDDI  hammers out a deal with Apple  a source familiar with the matter said on Thursday  while worries of lost sales sent Softbank shares sliding 12 percent."
"UK retail developers eye safety  urge high st revamp " " * Economic uncertainty dampens taste for secondary retail property"
"UPDATE 3-Samsung starts new chip line to boost flash memory share " " "
"Amazon expected to unveil tablet next week " "Amazon.com Inc  which revolutionized reading with its Kindle e-reader  is expected to unveil a tablet computer next week that analysts say will seriously challenge Apple's market dominating iPad."
"Earnings calls wake up to Wall Street pain " "NEW YORK Earnings forecasts for U.S. companies are starting to feel the pain on Wall Street and in the broader economy as the odds of another recession rise."
"Mexico's Maxcom to launch TV streaming  video " "MEXICO CITY Mexico's Maxcom Telecomunicaciones is set to launch an online video and live television rental service using a technology that allows streaming with a very low broadband speed."
"Mexico's Maxcom to launch TV streaming  video " " MEXICO CITY  Sept 23 Mexico's Maxcom Telecomunicaciones is set to launch an online video and live television rental service using a technology that allows streaming with a very low broadband speed."
"Silicon Valley flop Color tries to reinvent itself " "SAN FRANCISCO Bill Nguyen is getting what many Silicon Valley entrepreneurs can only dream of: a second shot."
"UPDATE 2-Amazon expected to unveil tablet next week " " Sept 23 Amazon.com Inc   which revolutionized reading with its Kindle e-reader  is expected to unveil a tablet computer next week that analysts say will seriously challenge Apple's  market dominating iPad."
"UPDATE-Wall St Week Ahead:Earnings calls wake up to Wall St pain " "  (Updates with U.S. stock indexes' losses for the week)  * Analysts cut Q3 earnings growth to 13.7 pct from 17 pct  * Forecasts start to pull back for Q4 and 2012  * Financials seen most vulnerable; tech targets rise"
"Wall St Week Ahead: Earnings calls wake up to Wall St pain " "    * Analysts cut Q3 earnings growth to 13.7 pct from 17 pct  * Forecasts start to pull back for Q4 and 2012  * Financials seen most vulnerable; tech targets rise"
"Wooga aims to top gaming charts: CEO " "HELSINKI Owners of Wooga  the German social gaming firm  want to build the company into one of the top gaming firms globally by 2020 and they are not looking for a quick exit  its co-founder said in an interview."
"Earnings calls wake up to Wall Street pain " "NEW YORK Earnings forecasts for U.S. companies are starting to feel the pain on Wall Street and in the broader economy as the odds of another recession rise."
"RPT-Wall St Week Ahead: Earnings calls wake up to Wall St pain " " * Analysts cut Q3 earnings growth to 13.7 pct from 17 pct"
"S.Korea-Market Factors to watch Sept 26 " " SEOUL  Sept 26 Following is a list of events in South Korea as well as news stories and press reports which may influence financial markets.	 (Reuters News welcomes your feedback and for any queries  please contact the Seoul newsroom at +822 3704 5640 or via email at kr.rtrs@gmail.com)"
"Wall St Week Ahead: Earnings calls wake up to Wall Street pain " "NEW YORK Earnings forecasts for U.S. companies are starting to feel the pain on Wall Street and in the broader economy as the odds of another recession rise."
"Apple stock falls on report of iPad supply slowdown " "Apple Inc shares slipped on Monday following an analyst report that said the company was cutting orders from suppliers of parts for its iPad tablet."
"CORRECTED - US STOCKS-Dow  S&P gain on euro zone hopes  Apple falls " " (Corrects 15th paragraph to clarify that DJ Indexes didn't say that technical issues inaccurately reflected stock prices. This error also appeared in previous versions of this story.)"
"Euro zone hope revives optimism on Wall Street " "NEW YORK Stocks rose on Monday as sentiment swung toward hope that European officials would find a way to cut Greece's debt and shore up European banks. | Video "
"Kodak shares hit 38-year low on borrowing concerns " "Eastman Kodak Co  shares fell to a 38-year low after the photography pioneer drew down a credit line by $160 million  raising concerns about cash flow generation and its ability to compete against digital rivals under the strategy set forth by CEO Antonio Perez."
"T-Mobile USA promises speed boost from new phones " "  Sept 26 T-Mobile USA plans next month to launch two smartphones that double the speed of its wireless data service in the hope of attracting new customers to the No. 4 U.S. mobile provider."
"T-Mobile USA promises speed boost from new phones " "T-Mobile USA plans next month to launch two smartphones that double the speed of its wireless data service in the hope of attracting new customers to the No. 4 U.S. mobile provider."
"UPDATE 1-NTT DoCoMo to boost its smartphone offerings-Nikkei " " Sept 27 Japanese cellular carrier NTT DoCoMo Inc  is looking to cash in on demand for smartphones by filling up its entire upmarket mobile handset lineup with these devices by November  the Nikkei business daily reported."
"UPDATE 3-Kodak shares hit 38-year low on borrowing concerns " " * Shares close down 27 percent  (Rewrites story throughout; adds comments about credit withdrawal  CEO tenure)"
"UPDATE 4-Apple stock falls on report of iPad supply slowdown " " * Analyst inquiries show slowdown in supply chain orders"
"US STOCKS-Euro-zone hope revives optimism on Wall Street " " * Dow up 2.5 pct  S&P 500 up 2.3 pct  Nasdaq up 1.4 pct"
"Apple expected to unveil new iPhone next week " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc looks set next week to unveil its much-awaited new iPhone  which analysts say will have a bigger screen and work better with remote computing services."
"Best Buy cuts holiday hiring by half " "NEW YORK Best Buy Co  the world's largest consumer electronics chain  will cut its hiring of temporary workers in the United States this holiday season by almost half compared with 2010."
"Parents seek holiday toys with long-term appeal " " * 'Monster High Dead Tired' dolls  LeapPad among top toys"
"Parents seek holiday toys with long-term appeal " "NEW YORK Toy companies trying to win over choosy U.S. shoppers are under more pressure than ever to offer parents something their children will play with after Christmas  according to two industry veterans."
"Price of new Amazon tablet could be big attraction " "Amazon.com Inc is expected to launch its long-awaited tablet computer on Wednesday  sporting a low-enough price to give Apple Inc's iPad some serious competition for the first time."
"Price of new Amazon tablet could be big attraction " " * Survey finds consumers favor cheaper tablets--analyst"
"REFILE-UPDATE 3-RIM shares jump on Icahn stake talk " " (Refiles to fix spelling of analyst's name in second last paragraph)"
"RIM shares jump on Icahn stake talk " "TORONTO Shares of Research In Motion jumped more than 6 percent on Tuesday on market speculation that activist investor Carl Icahn had taken a stake in the struggling BlackBerry maker."
"UPDATE 3-Apple expected to unveil new iPhone next week " " * Apple shares up 0.6 percent  (Adds new iPhone features  analyst comment  background on Apple; updates stock price)"
"US STOCKS-Efforts at euro zone solution bolster Wall St " " * Indexes up: Dow 2.3  S&P 500 2.3 pct  Nasdaq 2.1 pct"
"Amazon ignites tablet war with Fire  takes on Apple " "NEW YORK Amazon.com Inc took the wraps off its long-awaited ""Kindle Fire"" on Wednesday  tacking on a mass market-friendly $199 price tag that poses a serious threat to the dominance of Apple Inc's two-year-old iPad. | Video "
"Amazon pushes Barnes & Noble's back to the wall " "NEW YORK Amazon.com Inc's aggressive pricing on its Kindle devices leaves Barnes & Noble Inc little choice but to match the online retailer and update its own devices  even if that means more damage to the bookstore chain's bottom line."
"Amazon pushes Barnes & Noble's back to the wall " " NEW YORK  Sept 28 Amazon.com Inc's  aggressive pricing on its Kindle devices leaves Barnes & Noble Inc  little choice but to match the online retailer and update its own devices  even if that means more damage to the bookstore chain's bottom line."
"Australia judge: hopes for ruling on Apple vs Samsung case next week " " SYDNEY  Sept 29 A judge at Australia's federal court said she hopes to make a ruling on an injunction sought by Apple to bar the sale of Samsung Electronics Co.'s  Galaxy 10.1 tablets in the country next week."
"Could one music downloader change U.S. copyright law? " "NEW YORK In the age of iTunes and an-app-for-everything  Joel Tenenbaum's battle with the music industry over illegal downloading seems as relevant as an eight-track cassette."
"Stocks drop  led by commodities on economic fear " "NEW YORK Commodity-related stocks drove Wall Street lower on Wednesday as stiff declines in energy and metals prices underscored investor concerns about global economic weakness and Europe's raging debt crisis. | Video "
"T-Mobile lines up against Apple in Samsung lawsuit " "(Reuters) T-Mobile USA has become the latest mobile provider opposing Apple's bid to stop Samsung Electronics Co from selling some Galaxy products in the United States  according to a court filing."
"T-Mobile lines up against Apple in Samsung lawsuit " "T-Mobile USA has become the latest mobile provider opposing Apple's bid to stop Samsung Electronics Co from selling some Galaxy products in the United States  according to a court filing."
"UPDATE 1-T-Mobile lines up against Apple in Samsung lawsuit " "  Sept 28 T-Mobile USA has become the latest mobile provider opposing Apple's  bid to stop Samsung Electronics Co  from selling some Galaxy products in the United States  according to a court filing."
"UPDATE 7-Amazon ignites tablet war with Fire  takes on Apple " " * Amazon shares rise  Barnes & Noble dives  (Adds link to FACTBOX)"
"Apotheker's exit payout dwarfs HP's new CEO " "Hewlett Packard Co will pay ousted CEO Leo Apotheker nearly $10 million in severance and bonuses and let him keep 156 000 restricted shares  a hefty payout for an 11-month term that saw HP's share price dive 45 percent."
"Brazil's $12 billion iPad deal is in trouble: sources " "SAO PAULO A much-hyped $12 billion plan for Taiwanese manufacturer Foxconn to produce iPads in Brazil is ""in doubt"" due to stagnant negotiations over tax breaks and Brazil's own deep structural problems such as a lack of skilled labor  government sources tell Reuters."
"CORRECTED - UPDATE 1-Apotheker's exit payout dwarfs HP's new CEO " " (Corrects that shares up 2.5 percent  not down  final paragraph)"
"Kik Messenger returns to BlackBerry despite lawsuit " " * Cross-platform BBM rival has 4 mln users  BBM has 45 mln"
"Kik Messenger returns to BlackBerry despite lawsuit " "TORONTO Kik Interactive  an instant messaging service startup against which Research In Motion launched a lawsuit last year  is testing a new version of software that can be used on RIM's BlackBerry smartphones  Kik's founder said on Thursday."
"Micron Tech sees DRAM glut  flags margin concerns " "Micron Technology  warned that continued oversupply of DRAM chips will weigh on its margins  adding to investor worries about tepid PC sales and casting a shadow on expectations for the upcoming holiday season."
"Netflix shares fall as competition heats up " "LOS ANGELES Netflix Inc  shares slumped 11 percent on Thursday as competitors made moves to attract more customers with alternative options for movie and television content."
"RIM says remains committed to PlayBook tablet " "BlackBerry maker Research In Motion brushed off suggestions on Thursday that it would discontinue production of its PlayBook computer tablet as ""pure fiction"" after an analyst said the company may be considering an exit from the market."
"S.Korea-Market Factors to watch Sept 30 " " SEOUL  Sept 30 Following is a list of events in South Korea as well as news stories and press reports which may influence financial markets.  	 (Reuters News welcomes your feedback and for any queries  please contact the Seoul newsroom at +822 3704 5640 or via email at kr.rtrs@gmail.com)"
"UPDATE 2-Apotheker's HP payout dwarfs new CEO's salary " " * Whitman gets $1 a year  (Adds details on exit packages)"
"Amazon's $199 Fire sparks supply  margin questions " " * Amazon's already thin margins may get thinner-analysts"
"Amazon's $199 Fire sparks supply  margin questions " "The rock-bottom price of the new Kindle Fire tablet computer is raising questions about Amazon.com Inc's ability to keep up with demand and the device's effect on the company's already razor-thin profit margins."
"FACTBOX-Best and worst 3rd quarter performers in S&P 500 " " Sept 30 The S&P 500  index slumped 14.3 percent in the third quarter of 2011 as weakening economic data and the euro zone debt crisis fueled fears of a global slowdown."
"PRESS DIGEST - Wall Street Journal - Sept 30 " " Sept 30 The following were the top stories in The Wall Street Journal on Friday. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon's $199 Fire sparks supply  margin questions " " * Amazon's already thin margins may get thinner-analysts"
"UPDATE 2-Toshiba to sell Malaysian chip unit to Amkor " " TOKYO  Sept 30 Japan's Toshiba Corp   the world's No.3 chipmaker  said it will sell its Malaysian chip-assembly unit to Amkor Technology Inc as part of its push to consolidate chip operations."
"BAY STREET-Alaska may become Silicon Valley of rare earths " " * Bokan Mountain deposit rich in heavy rare earths  (In U.S. dollars unless noted)"
"Cook's time to shine with new Apple iPhone " "SAN FRANCISCO Tim Cook finally gets his chance to stride out from under Steve Jobs' shadow  and he could not have picked a better time or device to mark his unofficial debut as Apple Inc's CEO."
"Intel acquires Israeli mobile navigation firm Telmap " "TEL AVIV Chipmaker Intel Corp has agreed to acquire mobile navigation software maker Telmap  the chief executive of the Israel-based company said on Sunday."
"PREVIEW-Cook's time to shine with new Apple iPhone " " SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 2 Tim Cook finally gets his chance to stride out from under Steve Jobs' shadow  and he could not have picked a better time or device to mark his unofficial debut as Apple Inc's  CEO."
"UPDATE 1-Intel acquires Israeli mobile navigation firm Telmap " " * Intel paying $300 mln to $350 mln -Israeli media   (Adds comments from Telmap CEO interview)"
"Microsoft CEO bonus lags on phone  tablet results " "SEATTLE Microsoft Corp Chief Executive Steve Ballmer failed to clinch his maximum bonus for the second year running due to the company's slow progress in mobile phones and adapting to the tablet computer revolution."
"Microsoft CEO bonus lags on phone  tablet results " " SEATTLE  Oct 3 Microsoft Corp  Chief Executive Steve Ballmer failed to clinch his maximum bonus for the second year running due to the company's slow progress in mobile phones and adapting to the tablet computer revolution."
"Rhapsody snaps up Napster to build market share " "Two of the longest-running names in digital music  Rhapsody and Napster  are combining in a bid to grow market share and stay ahead of newer rivals like Spotify  Rdio and MOG."
"Samsung denies nearing deal with Apple in Australia tablet dispute " " SYDNEY  Oct 4 South Korea's Samsung Electronics Co denied on Tuesday that it was close to reaching a settlement with Apple over their tablet-computer patent dispute."
"Samsung denies nearing deal with Apple in Australia tablet " "SYDNEY South Korea's Samsung Electronics Co denied on Tuesday that it was close to reaching a settlement with Apple over their tablet-computer patent dispute."
"Sprint to buy 30.5 million iPhones over 4 years: report " "NEW YORK Sprint Nextel Corp shares fell more than 10 percent after a report that it committed to buy at least 30.5 million iPhones that would cost it about $20 billion in the next four years."
"UPDATE 1-KDDI to release iPhone this year-Nikkei " " Oct 4 KDDI Corp said it will release the iPhone this year  even if a compatible mobile e-mail service is not ready in	 time  business daily Nikkei reported."
"UPDATE 1-Microsoft CEO bonus lags on phone  tablet results " " * Compensation committee cites Windows dip  slow phones"
"UPDATE 1-Rhapsody snaps up Napster to build market share " " Oct 3 Two of the longest-running names in digital music  Rhapsody and Napster  are combining in a bid to grow market share and stay ahead of newer rivals like Spotify  Rdio and MOG."
"UPDATE 1-Sprint to buy 30.5 mln iPhones over 4 years-WSJ " " * Sprint shares close off 10 pct  (Adds commentary  updates share price)"
"Buyers rush in as Wall Street toys with bear market " "NEW YORK Investors rushed in to buy technology and other beaten-down sectors as the S&P 500 dipped in and out of a bear market on Tuesday  and a late rally drove the index to its largest gain in more than a week. | Video "
"FACTBOX-New iPhone has similar specs to rival devices " "   Oct 4 Here's how the Apple Inc  iPhone 4S stacks up to rival devices from Samsung Electronics Co Ltd   HTC Corp  and Motorola Mobility  ."
"Japan's KDDI to sell new iPhone: Apple " "TOKYO Japan's second-largest mobile phone carrier  KDDI  will sell Apple's new iPhone  the California-based company said at a presentation for the iPhone 4S."
"Japan's KDDI to sell new iPhone - Apple " " TOKYO  Oct 5 Japan's second-largest mobile phone carrier  KDDI   will sell Apple's new iPhone  the California-based company said at a presentation for the iPhone 4S."
"New Apple iPhone fails to wow investors  fans " "CUPERTINO  California Apple Inc's newest iPhone left Wall Street and fans wishing for more than a souped-up version of last year's device  igniting a rare storm of criticism and disappointment on the Internet. | Video "
"RIM shares yo-yo on speculation  Apple event " "TORONTO Shares in Research In Motion ended 2 percent higher in yo-yo trade on Tuesday after rival Apple hinted at threats to RIM's core corporate market  but failed to wow fans and investors with its latest iPhone."
"Sprint confirms plan to sell iPhone " "NEW YORK Sprint Nextel confirmed that it will sell the next version of Apple Inc's iPhone  ending months of speculation about whether it would become the third U.S. operator to sell the popular device."
"UPDATE 1-Sprint confirms plan to sell iPhone " " * Sprint shares close up 5 pct after 10 pct drop Monday"
"UPDATE 7-New Apple iPhone fails to wow investors  fans " " * Experts single out voice-powered commands  (Adds links  details on features  analyst's comments))"
"US STOCKS-Buyers rush in as Wall St toys with bear market " "  * Late rally boosted by reports EU preparing bank rescues  * S&P 500 briefly trades down 20 percent from 2011 high  * Dow up 1.4 pct  S&P up 2.3 pct  Nasdaq up 3 pct  (Recasts  changes comment  updates volume)"
"Apple co-founder Steve Jobs dead at 56 " "(Reuters) Apple Inc co-founder and former CEO Steve Jobs  counted among the greatest American CEOs of his generation  died on Wednesday at the age of 56  after a years-long and highly public battle with cancer and other health issues."
"India launches ""world's cheapest"" tablet computer " "NEW DELHI India launched what it dubbed the world's cheapest tablet computer Wednesday  to be sold to students at the subsidized price of $35 and later in shops for about $60."
"RIM jumps more than 12 percent on more takeover talk " "TORONTO Shares of Research In Motion surged on Wednesday on takeover speculation a day after the BlackBerry maker's stock fell below $20 for the first time in almost six years."
"Sprint to sell iPhone with unlimited data service " " * AT&T  Verizon have eliminated their unlimited plans"
"Sprint to sell iPhone with unlimited data service " "Sprint Nextel plans to offer customers who buy the Apple Inc iPhone its unlimited data service for a flat monthly fee  potentially putting pressure on bigger rivals Verizon Wireless and AT&T Inc."
"UPDATE 1-Apple co-founder Steve Jobs dead at 56 " " Oct 5 Apple Inc  co-founder and former CEO Steve Jobs  counted among the greatest American CEOs of his generation  died on Wednesday at the age of 56  after a years-long and highly public battle with cancer and other health issues."
"UPDATE 2-Apple co-founder Steve Jobs dead at 56 " " Oct 5 Apple Inc  co-founder and former CEO Steve Jobs  counted among the greatest American CEOs of his generation  died on Wednesday at the age of 56  after a years-long and highly public battle with cancer and other health issues."
"UPDATE 2-RIM jumps more than 12 pct on more takeover talk " " * No obvious buyers  influential executives oppose change"
"Wal-Mart goes back to basics in holiday toy aisles " "NORTH BERGEN  New Jersey Wal-Mart is taking cues from shoppers who have asked for more time to buy for the holiday season  albeit on tight budgets  as it tries to reinvigorate sales of toys and other goods."
"Walmart goes back to basics in holiday toy aisles " " * Wal-Mart selling Christmas decorations earlier this year"
"Analysis: Apple's iPhone: still the hottest ticket around " "NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO The iPhone 4S wasn't exactly Apple's brightest moment. Yet it will probably still outshine the competition this holiday season."
"Apple design guru key in post-Jobs era " "SAN FRANCISCO His name may lack the broad brand recognition of Apple Inc co-founder Steve Jobs  but his touch on Apple's popular line of products is unmistakable."
"Apple's board needs to step up to new era " "SAN FRANCISCO/NEW YORK  Oct 6 The death of Apple Inc's strong-willed co-founder and Chairman Steve Jobs has put the secretive company's small board at crossroads."
"Apple's board needs to step up to new era " "SAN FRANCISCO/NEW YORK The death of Apple Inc's strong-willed co-founder and Chairman Steve Jobs has put the secretive company's small board at crossroads."
"Jobs authorized biography so his kids can know him " "CUPERTINO  Calif./SAN FRANCISCO Steve Jobs  in pain and too weak to climb stairs a few weeks before his death  wanted his children to understand why he wasn't always there for them  according to the author of his highly anticipated biography. | Video "
"Steve Jobs' agony and ecstasy to hit NY stage " "NEW YORK  Oct 6 A new play about Steve Jobs  the public's love affair with the devices he created  and the human cost of creating them  will go ahead next week despite his death  theater representatives said on Thursday."
"Steve Jobs biography pushed up for release " "The release date for a Steve Jobs biography has been pushed up to October 24 in the wake of the Apple co-founder's death on Wednesday  according to a spokesman for publishing house Simon & Schuster."
"Steve Jobs put real estate in trust in 2009-records " "* Can keep assets out of public probate process-attorneys"
"UPDATE 1-Samsung estimates Q3 profit down 14pct;beats fcasts " "* Sees Q3 operating profit at 4.2 trln won  beats 3.4 trln won fcast"
"UPDATE 1-Steve Jobs biography pushed up for release " "Oct 6 The release date for a Steve Jobs biography has been pushed up to Oct. 24 in the wake of the Apple co-founder's death on Wednesday  according to a spokesman for publishing house Simon & Schuster."
"AT&T seeing ""extraordinary demand"" for new iPhone " "AT&T  said on Friday it has seen ""extraordinary demand"" for Apple Inc's  latest iPhone with over 200 000 pre-orders in the first 12 hours."
"Jobs authorized biography so his kids can know him " "CUPERTINO  Calif./SAN FRANCISCO Steve Jobs  in pain and too weak to climb stairs a few weeks before his death  wanted his children to understand why he wasn't always there for them  according to the author of his highly anticipated biography. | Video "
"New York crime ring was sweet on Apple: police " "NEW YORK A New York-based crime ring that used forged credit cards to mainly buy and resell Apple products overseas has been busted  police said on Friday in what was described as the largest identity fraud case in U.S. history."
"New York crime ring was sweet on Apple - police " "NEW YORK  Oct 7 A New York-based crime ring that used forged credit cards to mainly buy and resell Apple products overseas has been busted  police said on Friday in what was described as the largest identity fraud case in U.S. history."
"RPT-Steve Jobs' funeral is taking place Friday-WSJ " "Oct 7 The funeral for Apple Inc  co-founder Steve Jobs is taking place on Friday  the Wall Street Journal cited a person familiar with the matter as saying."
"Sony picks up movie rights for Steve Jobs bio " "LOS ANGELES (TheWrap.com) - Sony has picked up the movie rights to Walter Isaacson's upcoming biography of Steve Jobs for Mark Gordon to produce  TheWrap has confirmed."
"Steve Jobs biography pushed up for release " "The release date for a Steve Jobs biography has been pushed up to October 24 in the wake of the Apple co-founder's death on Wednesday  according to a spokesman for publishing house Simon & Schuster. | Video "
"Steve Jobs' funeral is taking place Friday: report " "The funeral for Apple Inc co-founder Steve Jobs is taking place on Friday  the Wall Street Journal cited a person familiar with the matter as saying. | Video "
"Steve Jobs' funeral is taking place Friday-WSJ " "Oct 7 The funeral for Apple Inc  co-founder Steve Jobs is taking place on Friday  the Wall Street Journal cited a person familiar with the matter as saying."
"UPDATE 1-AT&T seeing ""extraordinary demand"" for new iPhone " "Oct 7 AT&T said on Friday it has seen ""extraordinary demand"" for Apple Inc's latest iPhone with over 200 000 pre-orders in the first 12 hours."
"AT&T sold 200 000 iPhones in 12 hours " "AT&T  sold more than 200 000 of Apple Inc's  latest iPhone in the first 12 hours and said it had seen ""extraordinary demand"" for a gadget unveiled a day before the death of Apple co-founder Steve Jobs."
"Taiwan's Hon Hai Sept sales fall on yr  pick up from Aug " "TAIPEI  Oct 8 Hon Hai Precision Industry    the main manufacturer of Apple Inc products  said its sales in September fell 12.5 percent on the corresponding month last year  the largest year-on-year monthly decline so far in 2011."
"UPDATE 2-AT&T sold 200 000 iPhones in 12 hours " "Oct 7 AT&T sold more than 200 000 of Apple Inc's latest iPhone in the first 12 hours and said it had seen ""extraordinary demand"" for a gadget unveiled a day before the death of Apple co-founder Steve Jobs."
"Samsung delays new Android model release after Jobs death " "SEOUL  Oct 10 Samsung Electronics Co  said on Monday it had delayed launching a new smartphone based on Google's latest version of Android operating system due to the death of Apple's co-founder Steve Jobs."
"Apple employee celebration of Jobs next week " "SAN FRANCISCO A celebration of Steve Jobs' life by Apple Inc will be held next week  Chief Executive Tim Cook said in a memo to employees on Monday."
"Apple's iPhone 4S breaks early order record " "People who want the new $200 Apple iPhone 4S may have to get in line on Friday because U.S. wireless phone carriers appear to have sold out."
"Facebook releases iPad app " "SAN FRANCISCO Facebook released its long-awaited iPad app on Monday and introduced support for social games on the mobile versions of its online service."
"Facebook releases iPad app " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 10 Facebook released its long-awaited iPad app on Monday and introduced support for social games on the mobile versions of its online service."
"HK design student says Jobs tribute not original " "HONG KONG A Hong Kong design student's tribute to Steve Jobs that generated a buzz in cyberspace following the death of the co-founder of Apple last week is not original  the teen-ager said Monday."
"REFILE-HK design student says Jobs tribute not original " "HONG KONG  Oct 10 A Hong Kong design student's tribute to Steve Jobs that generated a buzz in cyberspace following the death of the co-founder of Apple last week is not original  the teen-ager said Monday."
"Samsung delays new Android model release after Jobs's death " "SEOUL Samsung Electronics Co said on Monday it had delayed the launch of a new smartphone based on Google's latest version of the Android operating system while the world pays tribute to Apple co-founder Steve Jobs who died last week."
"Steve Jobs died of respiratory arrest  tumor " "Oct 10 Apple Inc co-founder Steve Jobs died of respiratory arrest caused by a pancreatic tumor  according to the death certificate."
"UPDATE 1-Apple employee celebration of Jobs next week " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 10 A celebration of Steve Jobs' life by Apple Inc will be held next week  Chief Executive Tim Cook said in a memo to employees on Monday."
"UPDATE 6-Apple's iPhone 4S breaks early order record " "Oct 10 People who want the new $200 Apple iPhone 4S may have to get in line on Friday because U.S. wireless phone carriers appear to have sold out."
"Apple's board needs to step up to new era " "SAN FRANCISCO/NEW YORK The death of Apple Inc's strong-willed co-founder and Chairman Steve Jobs has put the secretive company's small board at crossroads."
"Apple's iPhone 4S breaks early order record " "People who want the new $200 Apple iPhone 4S may have to get in line on Friday because U.S. wireless phone carriers appear to have sold out."
"HK student says Jobs tribute logo not copied " "HONG KONG A Hong Kong design student's tribute to Steve Jobs that generated a buzz in cyberspace following the death of the co-founder of Apple last week is not original  but it is not a rip-off  the teenager said."
"Jokes about Steve Jobs' death: hilarious or tasteless? " "LOS ANGELES (TheWrap.com) - The death of Apple co-founder Steve Jobs has put the Onion in a difficult position  as the satiric news magazine struggles to remain irreverent without being insensitive."
"RIM restores BlackBerry services day after outage " "LONDON  Oct 11 Research in Motion said on Tuesday it had restored BlackBerry services in Europe  the Middle East and Africa  some 20 hours after users in EMEA and India first reported problems with email and BlackBerry Messenger."
"RIM restores BlackBerry services day after outage " "LONDON Research in Motion said on Tuesday it had restored BlackBerry services in Europe  the Middle East and Africa  some 20 hours after users in EMEA and India first reported problems with email and BlackBerry Messenger."
"Steve Jobs death spawns collectibles  but few sales " "The author is a Reuters contributor. The opinions expressed are his own."
"Steve Jobs documentary ""iGenius"" to debut on Discovery " "LOS ANGELES (TheWrap.com) - Discovery Channel has announced a quickly-produced new documentary that will look back at the many ways Apple visionary Steve Jobs influenced modern life."
"TEXT: Fitch Street InterView: Smartphones - Samsung vs. Apple " "SEOUL/SINGAPORE  October 10 (Fitch) This week Matt Jamieson spoke with Alvin Lim  Fitch's Technology Analyst based in Seoul  about the ongoing legal dispute between Apple Inc. and Samsung Electronics Co.  Ltd. ('A+'/Stable).  Matt is 	 Head of APAC Research in Fitch's Corporate Ratings Group   and he asked Alvin a number of key questions including the nature of the dispute  the likely  outcome and potential credit implications for Samsung   and whether Apple's recent release of a revised iPhone "
"UPDATE 1-HK student says Jobs tribute logo not copied " "HONG KONG  Oct 10 A Hong Kong design student's tribute to Steve Jobs that generated a buzz in cyberspace following the death of the co-founder of Apple last week is not original  but it is not a rip-off  the teenager said."
"After iPhone's debut  Cook must reposition Apple brand " "Apple Inc debuts its fifth generation iPhone this week minus its visionary leader for the first time. But CEO Tim Cook may already be thinking ahead to his greatest challenge: repositioning the company's fabled marketing apparatus to safeguard the brand."
"Bullish Apple investors start calling for dividend " "Apple Inc is starting to hear a common refrain from investors: Show us the money."
"Bullish Apple investors start calling for dividend " "Oct 12 Apple Inc is starting to hear a common refrain from investors: Show us the money."
"Millions of BlackBerry users cut off for third day " "LONDON  Oct 12 Millions of BlackBerry users around the world were left without text communication services for a third day on Wednesday as Research in Motion  struggled to fix what it said was a switching failure in its private network."
"PREVIEW-After iPhone's debut  Cook must reposition Apple brand " "Oct 12 Apple Inc  debuts its fifth generation iPhone this week minus its visionary leader for the first time. But CEO Tim Cook may already be thinking ahead to his greatest challenge: repositioning the company's fabled marketing apparatus to safeguard the brand."
"PREVIEW-After iPhone's debut  Cook must reposition Apple brand " "Oct 12 Apple Inc debuts its fifth generation iPhone this week minus its visionary leader for the first time. But CEO Tim Cook may already be thinking ahead to his greatest challenge: repositioning the company's fabled marketing apparatus to safeguard the brand."
"Punishing China no boon for U.S. manufacturing jobs " "LONDON For every Apple iPad sold in the United States  the U.S. trade deficit with China increases by about $275."
"RIM scrambles to end global BlackBerry outage " "TORONTO/LONDON The company that makes the BlackBerry smartphone is working frantically to end a three-day global service disruption that has frustrated millions of its customers and pumped up pressure on its management to make sweeping changes. | Video "
"Samsung says upgrades smartphones to avoid Dutch sales ban " "SEOUL  Oct 12 Samsung Electronics Co  said on Wednesday it will soon release upgraded versions of three Galaxy smartphones in Europe to get around temporary sales bans on earlier versions of products that violated an Apple  patent."
"UPDATE 3-BlackBerry outages spread to North America " "* Shares down 1.75 pct in Toronto  down 0.5 pct on Nasdaq"
"Apple iPhone 4S features Qualcomm chip " "Apple Inc's fifth-generation iPhone uses a wireless chipset from Qualcomm Inc as well as silicon from smaller chipmakers  according to repair and parts specialist iFixit  which cracked the device open on Thursday."
"Apple's iPhone 4S goes on sale  fans say tribute to Jobs " "SYDNEY  Oct 14 Apple Inc's iPhone 4S finally hit stores around the globe on Friday  with fans expected to snap up the final gadget unveiled during Steve Jobs' lifetime  many buying the phone as a tribute to the former Apple boss."
"BlackBerry outages irk India  threaten key RIM market " "NEW DELHI/MUMBAI A four-day service outage has cast a shadow over BlackBerry's reputation in India  one of the smartphone maker's few growing markets  where the frustration of hundreds of thousands of users could mean a chance for its rivals to gain ground."
"Problems plague Apple iCloud  iOS launch " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 13 Apple Inc rolled out its new iCloud service and latest mobile software to a chorus of user complaints this week  after glitches led to email access problems and long delays in installation."
"UPDATE 1-Apple's iPhone 4S goes on sale  fans say tribute to Jobs " "* Hundreds of Australians start global rush to buy iPhone 4S"
"UPDATE 2-Apple's iPhone 4S goes on sale  fans say tribute to Jobs " "* Hundreds of Australians start global rush to buy iPhone 4S"
"UPDATE 3-Apple's new iPhone features Qualcomm  Toshiba " "Oct 13 Apple Inc's fifth-generation iPhone uses chips from Qualcomm Inc   Toshiba  and a host of smaller semiconductor companies  according to repair firm iFixit  which cracked the device open on Thursday."
"UPDATE 3-US judge: Samsung tablets infringe Apple patents " "* Apple must show both patent infringement and validity  (Adds further detail from court  Samsung statement)"
"U.S. judge says Samsung tablets infringe Apple patents " "SAN JOSE  California A U.S. judge said Samsung's Galaxy tablets infringe Apple's iPad patents  but also that Apple might have a problem establishing the validity of its patents."
"WRAPUP 2-Contrite BlackBerry co-CEOs go into damage-control " "* Lazaridis  Balsillie aim to contain fallout from crisis"
"Analysis: BlackBerry outage could hasten shift to iPhone " "John Stuart has been chained to his BlackBerry for years  first as a systems manager for Wall Street bank Morgan Stanley  and then as chief information officer for Beverly Hills Wealth Management."
"Apple's iPhone draws hordes again  powers shares " "TOKYO/LONDON/SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc's new iPhone debuted with a splash across the globe  spurring thousands to queue around city blocks and snap up the final gadget unveiled during co-founder Steve Jobs' life. | Video "
"Apple to hold private memorial to Jobs Sunday: report " "Apple Inc has invited Silicon Valley's ""biggest names"" to a private memorial service to be held at the Stanford University campus on Sunday  the Wall Street Journal reported."
"Apple to hold private memorial to Jobs Sunday -WSJ " "Oct 14 Apple Inc has invited Silicon Valley's ""biggest names"" to a private memorial service to be held at the Stanford University campus on Sunday  the Wall Street Journal reported."
"Fans queue for Steve Jobs' last iPhone " "TOKYO/LONDON Apple Inc's  new iPhone went on sale in stores across the globe on Friday  prompting thousands to queue around city blocks to snap up the final gadget unveiled during Steve Jobs' life."
"PREVIEW-Cloud spending helps techs as PC sales stagger " "Oct 14 Big U.S. Internet computing companies should outshine their plainer PC cousins when earnings season kicks off next week  as corporations and fast-growing Web players dramatically accelerate their pace of hardware spending."
"UPDATE 10-Apple's iPhone draws hordes again  powers shares " "TOKYO/LONDON/SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 14 Apple Inc's new iPhone debuted with a splash around the globe  spurring thousands to queue around city blocks and snap up the last gadget unveiled during co-founder Steve Jobs' life."
"UPDATE 1-Sprint says iPhone sales beat expectations " "Oct 14 Sprint Nextel said on Friday that sales of Apple Inc iPhones surpassed its expectations and that iPhone 4 and iPhone 4S broke the ""device family"" one-day sales record for the No. 3 U.S. mobile service."
"UPDATE 3-Samsung loses Dutch bid to ban Apple products " "* Ruling may help Apple in other European court cases   (Adds response from Samsung and Apple)"
"Wall St Week Ahead: S&P 500 index poised to extend streak " "NEW YORK  Oct 14 With one-third of the Dow components and crowd favorite  Apple  reporting results next week  U.S. stocks are setting the stage for another week of gains."
"Apple to hold private memorial for Jobs Sunday: source " "Apple Inc co-founder and technology visionary Steve Jobs will be memorialized at a private service at Stanford University on Sunday  a source with knowledge of the event said."
"UPDATE 1-Apple to hold private memorial for Jobs Sunday-source " "Oct 14 Apple Inc co-founder and technology visionary Steve Jobs will be memorialized at a private service at Stanford University on Sunday  a source with knowledge of the event said."
"CORRECTED-Wall St Week: S&P 500 index poised to extend streak " "NEW YORK  Oct 14 With one-third of the Dow components and crowd favorite  Apple  reporting results next week  U.S. stocks are setting the stage for another week of gains."
"RPT-Wall St Week Ahead: S&P 500 index poised to extend streak " "NEW YORK  Oct 16 With one-third of the Dow components and crowd favorite  Apple  reporting results this week  U.S. stocks are setting the stage for another week of gains."
"Samsung heir apparent invited to Jobs memorial - source " "SEOUL  Oct 16 The president and chief operating officer of Samsung Electronics   Lee Jae-yong  has been invited to Apple Inc's private memorial service for Steve Jobs on Sunday  a source with the knowledge of the matter told Reuters."
"Samsung heir apparent invited to Jobs memorial: source " "SEOUL The president and chief operating officer of Samsung Electronics  Lee Jae-yong  has been invited to Apple Inc's private memorial service for Steve on Sunday  a source with the knowledge of the matter told Reuters on Sunday."
"S&P 500 index poised to extend streak " "NEW YORK With one-third of the Dow components and crowd favorite  Apple  reporting results next week  stocks are setting the stage for another week of gains."
"Apple sells 4 million iPhones in 3 days " "Apple Inc said on Monday it sold 4 million iPhone 4S in the new smartphone's first three days on the market  setting up a strong December quarter for the world's largest technology company."
"Apple sells 4 mln iPhone 4S in 3 days " "Apple Inc  said on Monday it sold 4 million iPhone 4S in the three days since it went on sale October 14."
"HTC loses early U.S. decision vs Apple " "Taiwan's HTC Corp lost a patent infringement complaint filed against Apple Inc in a preliminary decision at the U.S. International Trade Commission on Monday."
"HTC loses preliminary decision vs Apple at ITC " "WASHINGTON  Oct 17 Taiwan's HTC Corp  lost a patent infringement complaint filed against Apple Inc in a preliminary decision at the International Trade Commission on Monday."
"Samsung expands sales ban requests against Apple " "SEOUL Samsung Electronics Co Ltd said on Monday that it had filed for sales bans on Apple Inc's iPhone 4S in Australia and Japan  escalating a legal battle with its archrival and biggest client."
"Silicon Valley  celebrities pay tribute to Steve Jobs " "STANFORD  Calif.  Oct 16 Silicon Valley luminaries  politicians and celebrities were among the several hundred people at a private memorial service for late Apple Inc co-founder and tech visionary Steve Jobs on Sunday."
"Silicon Valley  celebs pay tribute to Steve Jobs " "STANFORD  California Silicon Valley luminaries  politicians and celebrities were among the several hundred people at a private memorial service for late Apple Inc co-founder and tech visionary Steve Jobs on Sunday."
"Siri's popularity causes iPhone connection problems " "NEW YORK (TheWrap.com) - Siri  the voice-activated personal assistant that comes with the new iPhone 4S  is drawing rave reviews as consumers take to Twitter and the blogosphere to express their delight."
"UPDATE 1-HTC loses early decision vs Apple at U.S. ITC " "Oct 17 Taiwan's HTC Corp lost a patent infringement complaint filed against Apple Inc  in a preliminary decision at the U.S. International Trade Commission on Monday."
"UPDATE 2-Apple sells 4 million iPhones in 3 days " "Oct 17 Apple Inc said on Monday it sold 4 million iPhone 4S in the new smartphone's first three days on the market  setting up a strong December quarter for the world's largest technology company."
"Apple blames iPhone rumors for disappointing results " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc stunned Wall Street by reporting results that missed expectations for the first time in years  blaming rumors of the new iPhone for hurting demand in the September quarter."
"Apple revenue misses forecasts  shares fall " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 18 Apple Inc  reported a rare miss in quarterly revenue that fell short of Wall Street expectations."
"Instant view: Apple shocks investors with earns miss " "NEW YORK Apple Inc shocked investors with a rare miss in its quarterly earnings on Tuesday  sending its shares down sharply."
"Motorola revives brand with slim Droid Razr " "NEW YORK Motorola Mobility is reviving its once-popular Razr brand to tout its latest gadget  the Droid Razr  as the world's slimmest smartphone."
"Nikkei poised for gains but Apple earnings could weigh " "TOKYO  Oct 19 The Nikkei is poised for gains on Wednesday after a report raised expectations Europe will act to strengthen the euro zone's rescue fund  but gains may be tempered by caution after a mixed batch of U.S. earnings that included a weaker-than-expected report from Apple Inc. 	     Wall Street rallied on Tuesday after Britain's Guardian newspaper said France and Germany will increase the euro zone's rescue fund to 2 trillion euros as part of a plan to resolve the sovereign d"
"UPDATE 3-Motorola revives brand with slim Droid Razr " "NEW YORK  Oct 18 Motorola Mobility is reviving its once-popular Razr brand to tout its latest gadget  the Droid Razr  as the world's slimmest smartphone."
"UPDATE 5-Apple blames iPhone rumors for disappointing results " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 18 Apple Inc  stunned Wall Street by reporting results that missed expectations for the first time in years  blaming rumors of the new iPhone for hurting demand in the September quarter."
"UPDATE 5-RIM aims to rebuild franchise on new BBX platform " "* New operating systems announced at three-day conference"
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Nasdaq  S&P futures lower after Apple results " "NEW YORK  Oct 18 U.S. stock index futures were lower late Tuesday after Apple Inc sold off following its quarterly results."
"Wall Street rallies on Europe  Apple falls late " "NEW YORK Stocks surged late in trading on Tuesday as buyers latched onto another report of agreements to strengthen the euro zone's rescue fund to bid up stocks aggressively. | Video "
"Apple shares slide after rare earnings miss " "Apple Inc  shares fell more than 5 percent on Wednesday  the first trading session after a rare quarterly earnings miss  but analysts said the drop presented a buying opportunity for investors."
"Apple stores close for Jobs memorials " "Apple Inc closed its stores across the United States on Wednesday for several hours to commemorate co-founder Steve Jobs  who died two weeks ago."
"CANADA STOCKS-TSX dives as Fed outlook adds to euro-zone woes " "*TSX ends down 203.61 points  or 1.1 pct  at 11 849.50     *Nine of 10 index sectors weaker  golds fall hard     *Agnico sinks 18 pct after halting Quebec mine      By Claire Sibonney     TORONTO  Oct 19 Toronto's main stock market index lost all of the previous day's big gains and more on Wednesday as a grim outlook from the U.S. Federal Reserve  euro-zone bailout doubts  and an earnings miss by U.S. tech darling Apple prompted investors to cut risk.     The Fed's coast-to-coast sur"
"C Spire to become fourth US Apple iPhone operator " "Oct 19 C Spire Wireless  a privately held regional U.S. mobile phone network operator  will become the fourth U.S. operator to sell the Apple Inc iPhone in ""coming weeks"" beating much bigger rival T-Mobile USA to a Apple deal."
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Euro  world stocks edge up on Europe optimism " "* Euro recovers from lows despite Spanish credit downgrade"
"Global stocks  euro decline as EU summit hopes slip " "NEW YORK U.S. stocks fell and the euro edged lower on Wednesday after optimism faded that European leaders will make substantial progress on resolving the euro zone debt crisis at their summit meeting this weekend. | Video "
"Nokia smartphone recovery in focus after weak Q3 " "HELSINKI Nokia is expected to report a rare loss for the third quarter as the struggling Finnish cellphone giant prepares to launch its first Windows phones next week."
"Nokia smartphone recovery in focus after weak Q3 " "HELSINKI  Oct 20 Nokia is expected to report a rare loss for the third quarter as the struggling Finnish cellphone giant prepares to launch its first Windows phones next week."
"Samsung  Google unveil phone for revamped Android " "HONG KONG/SEOUL Samsung Electronics  unveiled the first smartphone running on Google's  latest version of the Android operating system  which combines software used in tablets and smartphones  as they step up competition against Apple. | Video "
"UPDATE 1-Apple shares slide after rare earnings miss " "Oct 19 Apple Inc shares fell more than 5 percent on Wednesday  the first trading session after a rare quarterly earnings miss  but analysts said the drop presented a buying opportunity for investors."
"Asia emerges as battlefield for growth-hungry tech firms " "HONG KONG When Google Inc unveiled its latest version of Android  the operating platform powering 50 percent of the global smartphone market  it picked Hong Kong as the destination to show off the new software on Wednesday."
"Basic phones lift Nokia to surprise Q3 profit " "HELSINKI The world's largest cellphone maker Nokia reported a smaller than expected fall in third quarter profits as price cuts and new models lifted sales of its basic cellphones in key markets like India. | Video "
"LG Display posts worse-than-expected Q3 loss " "SEOUL  Oct 20 Flat-screen maker LG Display   posted a wider-than-expected quarterly loss on Thursday  as tepid demand for TVs and PCs hit panel prices and one-off losses weighed."
"LG Display sees price falls easing after disappointing " "SEOUL South Korean flat-screen maker LG Display   a key supplier to Apple Inc   posted a wider-than-expected quarterly loss on Thursday as tepid demand for TVs and PCs hit panel prices and one-off losses weighed."
"LG Display sees Q4 factory utilisation at 80 pct levels " "SEOUL  Oct 20 The CFO of flat-screen maker LG Display said on Thursday that it expected its factory utilisation rate to reach 80 percent levels in the fourth quarter after it fell to 70 percent levels in the previous quarter."
"Microsoft to launch Mango smartphones with Nokia  Samsung soon " "HONG KONG Microsoft Corp  which has been trailing Apple Inc and Google Inc in the fast-growing smartphone market  said it will launch Mango-powered handsets from top makers including Nokia Oyj  Samsung Electronics Co Ltd and HTC Corp in coming weeks."
"UPDATE 1-China Mobile Q3 net up 3.4 pct  slightly below f'cast " "* To rely on data  Internet traffic for growth - analysts"
"UPDATE 3-LG Display posts record loss  sees price falls slowing " "SEOUL  Oct 20 South Korean flat-screen maker LG Display   a key supplier to Apple Inc   posted its biggest quarterly loss  on Thursday as tepid demand for televisions and computers hit panel prices and one-off losses weighed."
"UPDATE 4-Nokia's surprise profit lifts hopes worst is over " "HELSINKI  Oct 20 The world's largest cellphone maker Nokia reported a smaller than expected fall in third-quarter profits as price cuts and new models lifted sales of its basic cellphones in key markets like India."
"Brazil's Batista interested in Foxconn partnership " "BRASILIA Eike Batista  Brazil's richest man  wants to help Taiwanese technology giant Foxconn  with its plans to produce Apple products such as the iPad in the country  the latest twist in a much-hyped deal that could be worth up to $12 billion."
"Brazil's Batista interested in Foxconn partnership " "BRASILIA  Oct 21 Eike Batista  Brazil's richest man  wants to help Taiwanese technology giant Foxconn  with its plans to produce Apple products such as the iPad in the country  the latest twist in a much-hyped deal that could be worth up to $12 billion."
"Jobs refused cancer treatment too long: biographer " "Apple Inc co-founder Steve Jobs refused potentially life-saving cancer surgery for nine months  shrugging off his family's protests and opting instead for alternative medicine  according to the tech visionary's biographer."
"UPDATE 2-Jobs refused cancer treatment too long - biographer " "Oct 20 Apple Inc co-founder Steve Jobs refused potentially life-saving cancer surgery for nine months  shrugging off his family's protests and opting instead for alternative medicine  according to the tech visionary's biographer."
"Apple stock to jump 25 percent over next year: Barron's " "Shares of a handful of large tech companies including Apple Inc  Oracle Corp and eBay Inc are likely to increase by more than 20 percent over the next year  according to Barron's."
"Barron's: Apple stock to jump 25 pct over next year " "* Fusion-io is Barron's top tech stock pick for next year"
"Key excerpts from Steve Jobs' biography " "A new biography of late Apple Inc co-founder Steve Jobs hit book-shelves on Monday  offering arguably the most comprehensive  insightful look to date at the life and times of the revered technology visionary."
"Key excerpts from ""Steve Jobs"" biography " "A new biography of late Apple Inc co-founder Steve Jobs hit book stores on Monday  offering arguably the most comprehensive  insightful look to date at the life and times of the revered technology visionary."
"Key excerpts from Steve Jobs' biography " "Oct 24 A new biography of late Apple Inc co-founder Steve Jobs hit book-shelves on Monday  offering arguably the most comprehensive  insightful look to date at the life and times of the revered technology visionary."
"Reviewers praise new Steve Jobs biography " "NEW YORK The biography of late Apple Inc. co-founder Steve Jobs' hit the bookstores on Monday  and reviewers wasted little time in heaping praise on the much-anticipated book destined for the bestseller list. | Video "
"Steve Jobs and Apple skewered on New York stage " "NEW YORK In a sold-out theater in downtown Manhattan  two miles from the square where anti-Wall Street demonstrators daily use iPhones  iPads and other devices to mobilize their forces  a performance artist named Mike Daisey is mounting a subversive attack on Apple Inc."
"Steve Jobs book may be Amazon's 2011 top seller " "The new biography of the late Apple Inc chief Steve Jobs is likely to be Amazon.com Inc's top-selling book of 2011  a spokeswoman at the Internet retailer said on Monday."
"UPDATE 1-Key excerpts from Steve Jobs' biography " "Oct 24 A new biography of late Apple Inc co-founder Steve Jobs hit book-shelves on Monday  offering arguably the most comprehensive  insightful look to date at the life and times of the revered technology visionary."
"UPDATE 1-Steve Jobs and Apple skewered on New York stage " "NEW YORK  Oct 24 In a sold-out theater in downtown Manhattan  two miles from the square where anti-Wall Street demonstrators daily use iPhones  iPads and other devices to mobilize their forces  a performance artist named Mike Daisey is mounting a subversive attack on Apple Inc ."
"UPDATE 2-Key excerpts from Steve Jobs' biography " "Oct 24 A new biography of late Apple Inc co-founder Steve Jobs hit book-shelves on Monday  offering arguably the most comprehensive  insightful look to date at the life and times of the revered technology visionary."
"CORRECTED - UPDATE 1-Steve Jobs and Apple skewered on New York stage " "NEW YORK  Oct 24 In a sold-out theater in downtown Manhattan  two miles from the square where anti-Wall Street demonstrators daily use iPhones  iPads and other devices to mobilize their forces  a performance artist named Mike Daisey is mounting a subversive attack on Apple Inc ."
"IPod godfather builds new Nest in Silicon Valley " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 25 Tony Fadell  known as the godfather of the iPod  has made a new gadget with the help of a small army of engineers and designers from Apple Inc  and other tech giants including Google Inc and Microsoft Corp ."
"iPod godfather builds new Nest in Silicon Valley " "SAN FRANCISCO Tony Fadell  known as the godfather of the iPod  has made a new gadget with the help of a small army of engineers and designers from Apple Inc and other tech giants including Google Inc and Microsoft Corp."
"Steve Jobs and Apple skewered on New York stage " "NEW YORK In a sold-out theater in downtown Manhattan  two miles from the square where anti-Wall Street demonstrators daily use iPhones  iPads and other devices to mobilize their forces  a performance artist named Mike Daisey is mounting a subversive attack on Apple Inc."
"UPDATE 2-Strong licensing helps ARM defy weak markets " "* Sees full-year revenue in line with forecasts of $763 mln"
"Catcher says China plant to fully reopen by end Oct " "TAIPEI  Oct 26 Catcher Technology   a casing supplier for Apple Inc   said on Wednesday its China plant will be fully reopened at end of this month."
"LG Elec Q3 misses consensus; handset loss widens " "SEOUL South Korea's LG Electronics reported a wider-than-expected quarterly loss on Wednesday  with its mobile phone division sinking deeper into the red  dashing hopes of a recovery in its struggling smartphone business."
"LG Electronics Q3 misses consensus; handset loss widens " "SEOUL  Oct 26 South Korea's LG Electronics  reported a wider-than-expected quarterly loss on Wednesday  with its mobile phone division sinking deeper into the red  hit by a slow recovery in smartphone sales."
"Nokia proclaims new dawn with Windows phones " "LONDON Nokia  unveiled two sleek new Microsoft  Windows phones on Wednesday  a first step in the ailing cellphone maker's fightback against Apple  and Google ."
"Nokia proclaims new dawn with Windows phones " "LONDON Nokia unveiled two sleek new Microsoft Windows phones on Wednesday in time for Christmas  a first step in the ailing cellphone maker's fightback against Apple and Google. | Video "
"RPT-UPDATE 4-Nokia proclaims new dawn with Windows phones " "LONDON  Oct 26 Nokia unveiled two sleek new Microsoft Windows phones on Wednesday in time for Christmas  a first step in the ailing cellphone maker's fightback against Apple and Google ."
"UPDATE 1-Apple supplier Catcher eyes China plant reopening " "TAIPEI  Oct 26 Catcher Technology   a casing supplier for Apple Inc   said a plant in China that was ordered closed due to complaints about pollution could fully reopen as early as next month."
"UPDATE 2-LG Elec Q3 misses consensus; handset loss widens " "* Mobile business posts 140 bln won loss vs Q2's 55 bln won loss"
"Insight: Dreaded ""Brazil cost"" may dim Foxconn's iPad dreams " "JUNDIAI  Brazil The nondescript stretch of asphalt is an unlikely symbol of Brazil's attempt to lift its economy into a new high-tech era."
"SK Telecom  KT to launch iPhone 4S in S.Korea Nov 11 " "SEOUL  Nov 2 South Korea's top mobile carrier SK Telecom and second-ranked KT Corp said in statements on Wednesday they would roll out Apple Inc's  latest iPhone in the country on Nov. 11."
"Apple loses tablet case against small Spanish firm " "MADRID A small Spanish tablet maker has won a patent infringement battle with Apple Inc in a rare victory against the U.S. company in its global defense of markets for its iPads  a court document showed on Wednesday."
"Google revamps Gmail  flubs iPhone app " "NEW YORK (TheWrap.com) - Google continued its design overhaul by unveiling a new look for its popular Gmail  one similar in aesthetic to the company's recent remakes of Google Calendar and Reader."
"UPDATE 1-SK Tel  KT to launch iPhone 4S in S.Korea Nov 11 " "* Apple says iPhone 4S to hit S.Korea  Hong Kong  13 other markets Nov.11"
"UPDATE 2-Fusion-io Q1 beats street  shares up " "Nov 2 Fusion-io Inc's quarterly results beat estimates helped by growth across its core business and the storage hardware and software maker raised its full-year revenue outlook  sending its shares up as much as 19 percent."
"Apple to issue software fix for iPhone battery " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc on Wednesday said it will release a software update to its iOS 5 operating system  acknowledging some customer complaints on the performance of the new iPhone 4S battery."
"Apple to issue software fix for iPhone battery " "SAN FRANCISCO  Nov 2 Apple Inc on Wednesday said it will release a software update to its iOS 5 operating system  acknowledging some customer complaints on the performance of the new iPhone 4S battery."
"Adobe throws in towel to Apple in Web software war " "NEW YORK Adobe Systems Inc halted development of its Flash Player for mobile browsers  surrendering to Apple Inc in a war over Web standards as the company surprised investors with a restructuring plan."
"Apple releases iPhone battery drain software fix " "Apple Inc on Thursday released a software update for its iOS 5 operating system to fix complaints on the performance of the new iPhone 4S battery. | Video "
"Apple releases iPhone battery drain software fix " "Apple Inc on Thursday released a software update for its iOS 5 operating system to fix complaints on the performance of the new iPhone 4S battery. | Video "
"REFILE-Amazon  Microsoft catch on  BlackBerry falls-survey " "* Apple retains most-favored status  Android slips slightly"
"Australia court to hear Samsung-Apple case in March " "SYDNEY An Australian court has agreed to hear in March a case brought by Samsung Electronics to ban sales of Apple Inc's latest iPhone  with sales allowed to continue as normal ahead of the full hearing on alleged patent infringements."
"Australia court to hear Samsung-Apple case in March " "SYDNEY  Nov 15 An Australian court has agreed to hear in March a case brought by Samsung Electronics  to ban sales of Apple Inc's latest iPhone  with sales allowed to continue as normal ahead of the full hearing on alleged patent infringements."
"China Mobile aims to complete next phase 4G trial by June " "HONG KONG  Nov 15 China Mobile  expects to finish the second-phase of its fourth-generation (4G) network trials by June  a senior company executive said on Tuesday  as the world's largest mobile carrier tries to boost its data services to attract high-end users."
"Seoul shares slip as financials fall; LG Display gains " "* Selling by foreign investors  investment managers weighs"
"Sting's digital scrapbook playing at an iPad near you " "NEW YORK  Nov 15 Turning 60 and celebrating 25 years as a solo performer  Sting has done what no other musician has done before -- he made an ""appumentary"" for the iPad."
"Sting's digital scrapbook playing at an iPad near you " "NEW YORK Turning 60 and celebrating 25 years as a solo performer  Sting has done what no other musician has done before -- he made an ""appumentary"" for the iPad."
"UK Blackberry users pass 8 million mark " "LONDON  Nov 15 Research In Motion Ltd (RIM)  the maker of Blackberry smartphones  said its subscriber base in the UK had passed the 8 million milestone as it unveiled a new cloud-based music service in the country"
"UPDATE 2-Disney CEO Iger on Apple board  Levinson chairman " "* Post-Jobs appointments come amid rising media ambitions"
"Apple  with eye on media  names Disney's Iger to board " "Apple Inc moved to shore up its board after the death of Silicon Valley legend Steve Jobs  appointing Walt Disney Co chief executive Bob Iger to its board to propel its media ambitions."
"Nokia aims to undercut rivals with volume focus " "BARCELONA Nokia plans to undercut its Windows Phone rivals to give its new smartphones a foothold in the market before trying to improve margins  its Chief Executive Stephen Elop said on Wednesday."
"Nokia to launch Windows tablet mid-2012: report " "PARIS Cellphone maker Nokia plans to launch a tablet that runs on Microsoft's Windows operating system in the summer of 2012  the head of Nokia France told Les Echos newspaper in an interview published on Wednesday."
"REFILE-Nokia to launch Windows tablet mid-2012 -report " "PARIS  Nov 16 Cellphone maker Nokia  plans to launch a tablet that runs on Microsoft's  Windows operating system in the summer of 2012  the head of Nokia France told Les Echos newspaper in an interview published on Wednesday."
"Steve Jobs documentary film debuts in limited release " "LOS ANGELES (TheWrap.com) - For 70 raw  revealing minutes -- a year before his comeback at Apple -- Steve Jobs was captured on tape ... wry  emotional and bitter."
"UPDATE 1-Google launches music service " "* Google has partnered with 3 of the 4 major record labels"
"UPDATE 1-Google launches music service " "* Google has partnered with 3 of the 4 major record labels"
"UPDATE 3-Disney CEO Iger on Apple board  Levinson chairman " "* Post-Jobs appointments come amid rising media ambitions"
"Google launches music service " "LOS ANGELES Google Inc has turned on the music at its new online store  aiming to wrest the lead from Apple Inc and Amazon.com Inc in audio entertainment distribution despite the absence of a major record label."
"Google music service faces big hurdles--and rivals " "Social media and mobile communications will be the two big targets for Google Inc  when it unveils a new music store for users on Wednesday  according to four people familiar with its plans."
"REFILE-Google launches music service " "(Refiles to change slug and headline to differentiate from earlier  separate MUSIC-GOOGLE analysis)"
"Samsung says alters tablet design to avoid German sales ban " "SEOUL  Nov 17 Samsung Electronics  said on Thursday that it would launch a redesigned version of its 10.1-inch Galaxy Tab model in Germany as early as this week to avoid a sales ban on the tablet  which a German court said violated Apple's patents."
"Samsung says alters tablet design to avoid German sales ban " "SEOUL Samsung Electronics said on Thursday that it would launch a redesigned version of its 10.1-inch Galaxy Tab model in Germany as early as this week to avoid a sales ban on the tablet  which a German court said violated Apple's patents."
"UPDATE 2-Google launches music service " "* Google has partnered with 3 of the 4 major record labels  (Adds analyst comments  details of service  stock price  byline  dateline)"
"Panel rules Apple does not infringe S3 patents " "Apple Inc does not violate patents owned by S3 Graphics Co  the International Trade Commission said on Monday in the latest ruling in the smartphone patent wars."
"UPDATE 1-Tech Data Q3 results miss estimates " "Nov 21 Technology products distributor Tech Data Corp's quarterly results missed analysts' estimates on weaker demand  and the company forecast a weak fourth quarter."
"US panel rules Apple does not infringe S3 patents " "WASHINGTON  Nov 21 Apple Inc does not violate patents owned by S3 Graphics Co  the International Trade Commission said on Monday in the latest ruling in the smartphone patent wars."
"EU regulator ""concerned"" over cellphone patents war " "BRUSSELS EU regulators investigating Apple Inc  and Samsung Electronics  over their patents dispute are worried intellectual property rights may be unfairly used by some firms against their rivals  the EU antitrust chief said on Tuesday."
"EU regulator 'concerned' over cellphone patents war " "BRUSSELS  Nov 22 EU regulators investigating Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics  over their patents dispute are worried intellectual property rights may be unfairly used by some firms against their rivals  the EU antitrust chief said on Tuesday."
"Panel rules Apple does not infringe S3 patents " "Apple Inc does not violate patents owned by S3 Graphics Co  the International Trade Commission said on Monday in the latest ruling in the smartphone patent wars."
"UPDATE 1-HTC cuts Q4 revenue growth forecast; shares tumble " "* Cut implies 20-25 pct qoq rev fall  mainly hurt by Apple-analyst"
"Apple ahead in mobile loyalty -research firm " "Nov 24 Apple is well ahead of rivals in building brand loyalty among its users in a mobile market where the key brands are rushing to build as large a foothold as possible  a study by research firm GfK showed."
"HTC tumbles again; growth potential in doubt " "TAIPEI Unnerved by a second profit warning in a month  investors sent HTC Corp shares tumbling for a second straight day on Friday on concern the world's No.4 smartphone maker may be running out of ideas in an increasingly competitive market."
"Apple beats Android in Britain in Oct-researcher " "Nov 28 The long-awaited iPhone 4S launch helped Apple Inc take top spot in the British smartphone market in October  overtaking phones using Google Inc's Android platform  data from research firm Kantar Worldpanel ComTech showed on Monday."
"Apple beats Android in British market in October " "The long-awaited iPhone 4S launch helped Apple Inc  take top spot in the British smartphone market in October  overtaking phones using Google Inc's  Android platform  data from research firm Kantar Worldpanel ComTech showed on Monday."
"Google seeks EU approval for Motorola Mobility deal " "BRUSSELS  Nov 28 World No. 1 Internet search engine Google is seeking EU regulatory clearance of its planned purchase of handset maker Motorola Mobility Holdings  the European Commission said on its website on Monday."
"Apple beats Android in Britain " "The long-awaited iPhone 4S launch helped Apple Inc take top spot in the British smartphone market in October  overtaking phones using Google Inc's Android platform  data from research firm Kantar Worldpanel ComTech showed on Monday."
"RIM to offer security features for iPhone  Android " "TORONTO Research In Motion is introducing a software tool that gives corporate customers the option of linking employees' personal iPhones to the BlackBerry network without compromising security."
"UPDATE 1-HTC does not violate FlashPoint patent  ITC says " "Nov 29 HTC Corp   the world's No. 5 smartphone maker  does not infringe patented technology owned by FlashPoint Technology in making its smartphones with digital cameras  the International Trade Commission said on Tuesday."
"UPDATE 1-RIM to offer security features for iPhone  Androids " "* RIM's Mobile Fusion to work on corporate iPhones  Androids   * New software may protect RIM's corporate base - analysts   * No detail on price until Q1 release; will be ""competitive""   * Shares jump 8 pct; still down about 70 pct this year"
"Samsung scores rare patent win versus Apple " "SYDNEY Samsung Electronics Co is set to resume selling its Galaxy tablet computer in Australia as early as Friday  after the South Korean technology firm won a rare legal victory in a long-running global patent war with Apple Inc."
"Samsung wins appeal on Galaxy tab ban in Australia " "SYDNEY  Nov 30 An Australian court reversed a ban on the sale of Samsung Electronics Co Ltd's  Galaxy tablet computers in the country on Wednesday  handing it a victory against rival Apple Inc in the firms' global patent war."
"UPDATE 4-In Australia  Samsung scores rare patent win vs Apple " "SYDNEY  Nov 30 Samsung Electronics Co is set to resume selling its Galaxy tablet computer in Australia as early as Friday  after the South Korean technology firm won a rare legal victory in a long-running global patent war with Apple Inc ."
"Apple's Siri irks abortion rights advocates " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc is facing its first major controversy over well-received voice software Siri  as the cutting-edge iPhone search service ran afoul of abortion rights advocates."
"Apple's Siri irks abortion rights advocates " "SAN FRANCISCO  Dec 1 Apple Inc is facing its first major controversy over well-received voice software Siri  as the cutting-edge iPhone search service ran afoul of abortion rights advocates."
"Disney CEO Iger buys $1 million worth of Apple stock " "Apple Inc's newest board member  Walt Disney Co Chief Executive Officer Bob Iger  bought about $1 million worth of the iPhone maker's shares earlier this week  a symbolic gesture of confidence in the prospects of the company."
"Disney CEO Iger buys $1 mln worth of Apple stock " "Dec 1 Apple Inc's newest board member  Walt Disney Co Chief Executive Officer Bob Iger  bought about $1 million worth of the iPhone maker's shares earlier this week  a symbolic gesture of confidence in the prospects of the company."
"INSIGHT-Apple vs Samsung lawsuit full of secret combat " "Dec 1 The biggest legal battle for the technology industry is playing out in a federal court in Silicon Valley  where Apple is trying to stop Samsung from selling Galaxy phones and tablets in the United States."
"Insight: Apple vs Samsung lawsuit full of secret combat " "The biggest legal battle for the technology industry is playing out in a federal court in Silicon Valley  where Apple is trying to stop Samsung from selling Galaxy phones and tablets in the United States."
"NTT Docomo denies has reached agreement with Apple " "TOKYO  Dec 1 An NTT Docomo Inc  spokesperson denied on Thursday that the company had reached a basic agreement with Apple Inc on selling its popular iPhone in Japan."
"Australia court extends Samsung Galaxy Tab sales ban " "SYDNEY An Australian court on Friday extended a ban on sales of Samsung Electronics' latest Galaxy tablet in the country by at least a week  further delaying the South Korean technology firm's attempt to sell the device to Christmas shoppers."
"Insight: Apple vs Samsung lawsuit full of secret combat " "The biggest legal battle for the technology industry is playing out in a federal court in Silicon Valley  where Apple is trying to stop Samsung from selling Galaxy phones and tablets in the United States."
"INSIGHT-UPDATE 2-Apple vs Samsung lawsuit full of secret combat " "Dec 1 The biggest legal battle for the technology industry is playing out in a federal court in Silicon Valley  where Apple is trying to stop Samsung from selling Galaxy phones and tablets in the United States."
"Publishers warm to e-books on their own terms " "PARIS Book publishers have survived the first stage of a digital revolution in better shape than the music industry and are now embracing the shift to e-books in their search for new revenue streams and lower costs."
"RPT-INSIGHT-UPDATE 2-Apple vs Samsung suit full of secret combat " "Dec 1 The biggest legal battle for the technology industry is playing out in a federal court in Silicon Valley  where Apple is trying to stop Samsung from selling Galaxy phones and tablets in the United States."
"UPDATE 1-Australia court extends Samsung Galaxy Tab sales ban " "* Ban on Samsung Galaxy tablet sales extended by at least a week"
"UPDATE 3-U.S. judge rejects Apple bid to halt Galaxy sales " "Dec 2 Apple failed to convince a U.S. judge to block Samsung Electronics from selling Galaxy smartphones and tablets in the U.S. market  depriving the iPhone and iPad maker of crucial leverage in a global patent battle between the two companies."
"U.S. judge rejects Apple bid to halt Galaxy sales " "Apple failed to convince a U.S. judge to block Samsung Electronics from selling Galaxy smartphones and tablets in the U.S. market  depriving the iPhone and iPad maker of crucial leverage in a global patent battle between the two companies."
"U.S. judge rejects Apple bid to halt Galaxy sales " "Dec 2 A U.S. judge rejected Apple's  attempt to halt U.S. sales of some Galaxy smartphones and tablets made by Samsung Electronics  according to a ruling on Friday."
"Exclusive: Apple vs. Samsung ruling divulges secret details " "A U.S. court error on Friday offered a brief glimpse at information that Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics have tried to shield from the public during their high-stakes patent litigation."
"RPT-Seoul shares inch up with investors cautious " "(Repeats to add table)	     * Investors tread lightly  eye Europe events     * Samsung gains as U.S court rejects Apple bid to ban Galaxy products     * Banking shares down on profit-taking      By Joonhee Yu	     SEOUL  Dec 5 - Seoul shares closed slightly higher on Monday after last week's rally as investors stayed on cautious footing ahead of key events this week such as a crucial European leader's summit and the European Central Bank's final policy meeting of the year.	     ""Investors took a"
"Samsung up after Apple's bid to ban Galaxy rejected " "SEOUL Shares in Samsung Electronics Co Ltd rose more than 2 percent on Monday after Apple Inc's bid to halt U.S. sales of its Galaxy line of products was rejected  easing concern of slowing growth in its telecom business  which generates revenue of $13 billion per quarter."
"Chinese court rejects Apple lawsuit over iPad name " "HONG KONG A court in southern China has rejected a lawsuit by Apple Inc  accusing a Chinese technology company of infringing its iPad trademark  a newspaper reported on Tuesday  the latest move in a protracted tug-of-war over the name."
"Chinese court rejects Apple lawsuit over iPad name " "HONG KONG A court in southern China has rejected a lawsuit by Apple Inc  accusing a Chinese technology company of infringing its iPad trademark  a newspaper reported on Tuesday  the latest move in a protracted tug-of-war over the name."
"EU Commission in e-books antitrust probe of 5 publishers  Apple " "BRUSSELS  Dec 6 The European Commission is investigating whether e-book publishing units of Lagardere   Pearson Plc  News Corp. and two other companies may have colluded with Apple to block rivals."
"Europe probes publishers  Apple on e-book pricing " "BRUSSELS The European Commission is investigating whether e-book publishers owned by Lagardere  Pearson Plc  News Corp and two other firms fixed prices with Apple Inc  blocking rivals and hurting consumers."
"Exclusive: Apple versus Samsung ruling divulges secret details " "A court error on Friday offered a brief glimpse at information that Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics have tried to shield from the public during their high-stakes patent litigation."
"Samsung Elec says new Austin plant reaches full capacity " "SEOUL  Dec 6 Samsung Electronics  said on Tuesday that its new $3.6 billion chip plant in Austin  Texas had reached full production capacity in record time  positioning it to cater to strong demand for smartphones and tablet PCs."
"UPDATE 1-HTC sales fall 30 pct in a month " "TAIPEI  Dec 6 Sales of Taiwanese smartphone maker HTC Corp dropped 30 percent in November from a month before as the world's No.4 smartphone brand struggled to compete against bigger rivals Apple  and Samsung Electronics."
"UPDATE 2-Europe probes publishers  Apple on e-book pricing " "* E-book units of Lagardere  Pearson  News Corp under investigation"
"HTC says no plan to change Q4 guidance yet " "TAIPEI HTC Corp has no plans for now to change its fourth-quarter sales guidance  as shares in the world's No.4 smartphone maker tumbled nearly 7 percent on Wednesday on worries that a 30 percent drop in monthly sales may point to worse times ahead."
"U.S.  European antitrust regulators look at e-books " "WASHINGTON The United States is looking into allegations that the electronic book industry has violated antitrust law  a top Justice Department official said on Wednesday."
"Apple's founding contract coming up for auction " "NEW YORK  Dec 8 The contract that established Apple as a corporate entity in 1976 and another document  signed 11 days later  that removed one of the partners are expected to fetch up to $150 000 when they are auctioned next week by Sotheby's."
"Apple's founding contract coming up for auction " "NEW YORK The contract that established Apple as a corporate entity in 1976 and another document  signed 11 days later  that removed one of the partners are expected to fetch up to $150 000 when they are auctioned next week by Sotheby's."
"Mammoth Apple store opens in Grand Central Station " "LOS ANGELES (TheWrap.com) - How many times have you walked into an Apple store and thought  ""Wow  it's like Grand Central Station in here?"""
"Samsung says French court rejects bid to halt iPhone 4S sales " "SEOUL A French court rejected a request by Samsung Electronics Co to impose a preliminary sales ban on Apple's latest iPhone  Samsung said on Friday  as the two firms are locked in a bruising global patent war."
"Samsung says French court rejects bid to halt iPhone 4S sales " "SEOUL  Dec 9 A French court rejected a request by Samsung Electronics Co to impose a preliminary sales ban on Apple's latest iPhone  Samsung said on Friday  as the two firms are locked in a bruising global patent war."
"Samsung wins round in long legal fight with Apple " "SYDNEY/SEOUL Samsung Electronics Co won a round of its bruising global patent fight with Apple Inc on Friday when an Australian court lifted a ban on the sale of its Galaxy tablet computer in time for the busy Christmas shopping season."
"UPDATE 1-Australia court lifts Samsung Galaxy Tab sales ban " "* Court rejects appeal to stay sales of Galaxy tablet in Australia"
"WRAPUP 1-Samsung wins round in long legal fight with Apple " "* French court rejects Samsung's bid to ban sales of iPhone 4S"
"Apple founding contract fetches $1.5 million at auction " "NEW YORK The contract that established Apple as a corporate entity in 1976 sold at auction on Tuesday for $1.59 million  10 times its estimated price  two months after the death of high-profile co-founder Steve Jobs."
"Apple in talks to buy Anobit for $400-$500 million: report " "JERUSALEM Apple Inc is in talks to buy Israel's Anobit  a maker of flash storage technology  for as much as $500 million  according to a report published on Tuesday."
"Apple in talks to buy Anobit for $400-$500mln-report " "JERUSALEM  Dec 13 Apple Inc is in talks to buy Israel's Anobit  a maker of flash storage technology  for as much as $500 million  according to a report published on Tuesday."
"UPDATE 2-HTC sues Citi in Taiwan after share price fall " "TAIPEI  Dec 13 HTC Corp  the world's No.4 smartphone maker  has filed a criminal complaint against Citigroup Inc's Taiwan unit  a Taiwan prosecutor said on Tuesday  alleging the broker's research contributed to a fall in HTC's share price."
"Apple founding contract fetches $1.5 million at auction " "NEW YORK The contract that established Apple as a corporate entity in 1976 sold at auction on Tuesday for $1.59 million  10 times its estimated price  two months after the death of high-profile co-founder Steve Jobs. | Video "
"Graphic book reimagines key time in Steve Jobs' life " "Another new book about late Apple co-founder Steve Jobs is hitting bookshelves next month  this one a graphic narrative exploring the innovator's spiritual development  the publishers announced on Wednesday."
"Graphic book reimagines key time in Steve Jobs' life " "Dec 14 Another new book about late Apple co-founder Steve Jobs is hitting bookshelves next month  this one a graphic narrative exploring the innovator's spiritual development  the publishers announced on Wednesday."
"HTC says U.S. court postpones ruling on lawsuit vs Apple " "TAIPEI  Dec 14 HTC Corp  the world's No.4 smartphone maker  said on Wednesday that a U.S. court has further postponed a final ruling on its lawsuit against Apple Inc."
"UPDATE 1-HTC says U.S. ruling on dispute vs Apple delayed again " "* HTC says ITC final determination on case v. Apple delayed to 19th"
"Apple to open R&D center in Israel: report " "JERUSALEM Apple will open a research and development center in Israel that will focus on semiconductors  the Globes business daily reported on Thursday."
"Apple to open R&D centre in Israel - report " "JERUSALEM  Dec 15 Apple will open a research and development centre in Israel that will focus on semiconductors  the Globes business daily reported on Thursday."
"Graphic book reimagines key time in Steve Jobs' life " "Another new book about late Apple co-founder Steve Jobs is hitting bookshelves next month  this one a graphic narrative exploring the innovator's spiritual development  the publishers announced on Wednesday."
"Graphic book reimagines key time in Steve Jobs' life " "Dec 14 Another new book about late Apple co-founder Steve Jobs is hitting bookshelves next month  this one a graphic narrative exploring the innovator's spiritual development  the publishers announced on Wednesday."
"Analysis: Apple struggles to take bigger bite out of China " "HONG KONG Apple Inc's share of China's booming smartphone market has risen sharply in the past two years  but for now the company that sells the iconic iPhone is being outpaced by nimble rivals."
"Exclusive: Made in Texas: Apple's A5 iPhone chip " "SAN FRANCISCO - Apple Inc is famous for relying on low-cost Asian manufacturers to both source and assemble its popular gadgets  but the consumer device giant recently started receiving a critical component in its iPad and iPhones from closer to home - Texas."
"Galaxy and iPhone to top smartphone holiday sales " "HELSINKI Apple's long-awaited iPhone 4S and Samsung Electronics' fresh  broad offering are likely to stand out in this holiday season's smartphone sales which will otherwise be clouded by global economic uncertainty."
"Galaxy and iPhone to top smartphone holiday sales " "HELSINKI  Dec 16 Apple's long-awaited iPhone 4S and Samsung Electronics' fresh  broad offering are likely to stand out in this holiday season's smartphone sales which will otherwise be clouded by global economic uncertainty."
"Americans losing addiction to ""CrackBerrys"" " "SAN FRANCISCO/NEW YORK To understand what ails BlackBerry maker Research In Motion Ltd in the U.S. market  just ask eBay Inc Chief Executive John Donahoe. | Video "
"Apple supplier Pegatron hit by China plant blast " "TAIPEI Apple Inc supplier Pegatron Corp's plant in Shanghai was rocked by an explosion over the weekend  the latest in a series of incidents that spotlights safety concerns at factories in China."
"Apple supplier Pegatron says small explosion at Shanghai plant " "TAIPEI  Dec 19 Apple Inc supplier Pegatron said a small explosion at its subsidiary in Shanghai  China had injured some workers but would not have a big impact on production."
"Apple wins limited ITC ruling in HTC patent case " "Taiwanese handset maker HTC Corp narrowly lost a patent battle with Apple Inc on Monday  as the International Trade Commission found that HTC had infringed on one of Apple's patents."
"REFILE-UPDATE 2-Apple supplier Pegatron hit by China plant blast " "TAIPEI  Dec 19 Apple Inc supplier Pegatron Corp reported an explosion at a subsidiary's plant in Shanghai over the weekend that it said had injured 61 workers  the latest in a series of incidents that have spotlighted safety concerns at factories in China."
"Samsung expands patent row with Apple in Germany " "SEOUL  Dec 19 Samsung Electronics  has filed new claims in its patent war with Apple Inc over alleged patent infringements in Germany  a spokesman for the company said on Monday."
"Samsung expands patent row with Apple in Germany " "SEOUL Samsung Electronics has filed new claims in its patent war with Apple Inc over alleged patent infringements in Germany  a spokesman for the company said on Monday."
"Apple buys Israel's Anobit for $500 million: report " "JERUSALEM Apple has bought Israel's Anobit  a maker of flash storage technology  for up to $500 million  the Calcalist financial daily reported on Tuesday."
"Apple buys Israel's Anobit for $500 mln - report " "JERUSALEM  Dec 20 Apple has bought Israel's Anobit  a maker of flash storage technology  for up to $500 million  the Calcalist financial daily reported on Tuesday."
"HTC bounces after ITC ruling and share buy back plan " "TAIPEI HTC Corp  said on Tuesday it will buy back 10 million shares at T$445-650 until Feb 19  a move to boost investor confidence after it claimed a win in a U.S. patent case brought by arch rival Apple Inc ."
"UPDATE 4-Apple scores limited victory in smartphone patent war " "TAIPEI  Dec 20 Apple Inc scored a narrow victory against Taiwan's HTC Corp in a patent lawsuit over smartphone technology that will set the stage for further battles between rival makers in the fiercely competitive market."
"Apple poised to sell more iPhones: Susquehanna " "Susquehanna raised its price target on Apple Inc's stock and increased its iPhone shipment estimates as it sees the company ramping up smartphone production  now that Thailand-related constraints have been resolved."
"HTC CEO: Testing new phones to avoid patent problem " "TAIPEI  Dec 20 HTC Corp  the world's No.4 smartphone vendor  said on Wednesday it was already testing new phone models that work around technology cited in a patent lawsuit it lost against Apple Inc."
"HTC CEO: Testing new phones to avoid patent problem " "TAIPEI HTC Corp  the world's No.4 smartphone vendor  said on Wednesday it was already testing new phone models that work around technology cited in a patent lawsuit it lost against Apple Inc."
"HTC testing new models after patent case; shares jump " "TAOYUAN  Taiwan HTC Corp has begun testing new phone models that work around technology cited in a patent lawsuit won by arch-rival Apple Inc  and HTC's chief executive voiced optimism over the company's ability to meet challenging market conditions."
"Hungary tech firm immortalises Steve Jobs in bronze " "BUDAPEST  Dec 21 A Hungarian software company unveiled what it said was the world's first bronze statue of Apple Inc co-founder Steve Jobs on Wednesday  calling him one of the greatest personalities of the modern age."
"Hungary tech firm immortalizes Steve Jobs in bronze " "BUDAPEST A Hungarian software company unveiled what it said was the world's first bronze statue of Apple Inc co-founder Steve Jobs Wednesday  calling him one of the greatest personalities of the modern age. | Video "
"KT Corp board nominates CEO for second term " "SEOUL  Dec 21 KT Corp  South Korea's second-biggest mobile carrier  said its board has nominated incumbent head Lee Suk-chae for a second-term  crediting him with the introduction in the country of Apple Inc's iPhone and leading the smartphone boom."
"Apple iPhone market share slips in Europe - researcher " "Dec 22 The long-awaited launch of the iPhone 4S has helped Apple win market share in the United States and Britain  although it is losing ground in the rest of Europe  data from research firm Kantar Worldpanel ComTech showed on Thursday."
"Apple nears German court rebuff in row with Samsung " "DUESSELDORF  Germany A German court rejected Apple's claims that Samsung Electronics' reworked tablet PC still looks like a copycat version of the iPad  in a preliminary assessment."
"Apple nears German court rebuff in row with Samsung " "DUESSELDORF  Germany  Dec 22 A German court rejected Apple's claims that Samsung Electronics'  reworked tablet PC still looks like a copycat version of the iPad  in a preliminary assessment."
"New iPhone? No thanks  say cash-conscious Europeans " "Weakening economies and falling prices of rival smartphones are hurting sales of Apple iPhones across Europe  data from research firm Kantar Worldpanel ComTech showed on Thursday."
"UPDATE 1-Apple nears German court rebuff in row with Samsung " "* Reworked Samsung tablet unlike Apple's protected design -judge"
"UPDATE 1-New iPhone? No thanks  say cash-conscious Europeans " "* Apple iPhone market share drops in France  Germany  Italy  Spain"
"Italy anti-trust fines Apple for misleading customers " "ROME  Dec 27 Italy's anti-trust body has fined units of U.S. technology group Apple Inc a total of 900 000 euros for failing to adequately inform customers about their rights to product guarantees and assistance."
"Italy anti-trust fines Apple for misleading customers " "ROME Italy's anti-trust body has fined units of U.S. technology group Apple Inc a total of 900 000 euros for failing to adequately inform customers about their rights to product guarantees and assistance."
"Samsung eyes 15 pct rise in handset sales next yr - report " "SEOUL  Dec 27 South Korea's Samsung Electronics aims to raise its global handset sales by 15 percent next year by boosting its smartphone sales  putting it in a closer race with bigger rival Nokia  a local newspaper said on Tuesday."
"Samsung eyes 15 percent rise in handset sales next year: report " "SEOUL South Korea's Samsung Electronics aims to raise its global handset sales by 15 percent next year by boosting its smartphone sales  putting it in a closer race with bigger rival Nokia  a local newspaper said on Tuesday."
"California law turns up heat on labor conditions " "SAN FRANCISCO A new California law will force retailers and manufacturers to disclose from 2012 how they guard against slavery and human trafficking throughout their supply chains  ratcheting up scrutiny over some of the largest U.S. corporations."
"Samsung to post strong Q4 on record smartphone sales " "SEOUL Samsung Electronics  the world's top maker of memory chips and smartphones  is set to report a robust quarterly profit rise on Friday  starting 2012 on an upbeat note aided by record-smashing sales of smartphones."
"Apple hires Adobe officer to lead iAd: report " "Apple Inc has appointed Adobe Systems Inc's Todd Teresi to head its iAd mobile-advertising business  Bloomberg said  citing three people with knowledge of the matter."
"Apple to pay $5 million to settle patent lawsuit: Elan " "TAIPEI Elan Microelectronics Corp  a Taiwanese touch design company  said on Thursday that Apple Inc will pay $5 million as part of a settlement in a patent infringement case."
"CORRECTED-Apple hires Adobe officer to lead iAd - report " "Jan 4 Apple Inc has appointed Adobe Systems Inc's Todd Teresi to head its iAd mobile-advertising business  Bloomberg said  citing three people with knowledge of the matter."
"REFILE-Taiwan's Elan says Apple to pay $5 mln in patent settlement " "TAIPEI  Jan 5 Elan Microelectronics Corp   a Taiwanese touch design company  said on Thursday that Apple Inc will pay $5 million as part of a settlement in a patent infringement case."
"Taiwan's Elan says Apple to pay $5 million in patent settlement " "TAIPEI Elan Microelectronics Corp  a Taiwanese touch design company  said on Thursday that Apple Inc will pay $5 million as part of a settlement in a patent infringement case."
"UPDATE 1-Apple to pay Elan $5 mln to settle patent lawsuit " "* Companies to swap authorizations to use each other's patents"
"UPDATE 1-Samsung estimates record Q4 profit on strong smartphones " "* Estimates Q4 operating profit at 5.2 trln won vs 4.7 trln won consensus"
"Smartphones power Samsung to record quarterly profit " "SEOUL Samsung Electronics  the world's top maker of memory chips and smartphones  reported a record quarterly profit on Friday  aided by one-off gains and best-ever sales of high-end phones. | Video "
"UPDATE 4-Smartphones power Samsung to record Q4 profit " "* Q4 operating profit up 73 pct y/y at 5.2 trln won vs 4.7 trln consensus"
"World's biggest tech show searching for ""wow"" " "LAS VEGAS The world's biggest technology trade show will feature razor-thin laptops  powerful new smartphones and fancy flat-screen TVs  but talk in the cavernous halls of the Consumer Electronics Show  which kicks off on Monday night  may focus on whether the show itself has a long-term future."
"Apple's Cook got rich stock award worth $376 million " "Apple Inc CEO Tim Cook took in almost $1 million of cash compensation in 2011 but also received a million restricted shares that  when they vest in 2016 and 2021  could net the head of the world's largest consumer electronics firm hundreds of millions of dollars."
"Chinese authors sue Apple for copyright infringement: report " "SHANGHAI A group of Chinese authors has sued Apple Inc for 11.9 million yuan ($1.9 million) in compensation for allegedly providing copyright-infringing books for download through its online store  Chinese financial magazine Caixin reported."
"Chinese authors sue Apple for copyright infringement-report " "SHANGHAI  Jan 9 A group of Chinese authors has sued Apple Inc for 11.9 million yuan ($1.9 million) in compensation for allegedly providing copyright-infringing books for download through its online store  Chinese financial magazine Caixin reported."
"Intel readies Ultrabook marketing barrage " "LAS VEGAS Intel plans to make its biggest marketing push since 2003 for a new  super-thin category of laptops it has dubbed ""ultrabooks "" hoping to fend off major strides made by Apple Inc and its MacBook Air into the high-end personal computing market."
"Apple CEO Cook received stock award worth $376 million " "Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook received a one-time stock award worth nearly $400 million  the largest given by a company in a decade."
"Apple's Siri puts voice-enabled search in spotlight " "Las Vegas Apple Inc  will again dominate conversations at CES  the world's biggest technology showcase. Only this time  the talk is extending beyond iPad and iPhone chatter to include ""Siri "" the voice app that is capturing consumers' imagination. | Video "
"CES: Intel readies Ultrabook marketing barrage " "LAS VEGAS Intel plans to make its biggest marketing push since 2003 for a new  super-thin category of laptops it has dubbed ""ultrabooks "" hoping to fend off major strides made by Apple Inc  and its MacBook Air into the high-end personal computing market. | Video "
"HP unveils new glass encased laptop " "LAS VEGAS Hewlett-Packard Co on Monday unveiled a new glass-encased laptop computer as the largest computer maker stepped up its efforts to chip away at rival Apple Inc's stronghold in high-end PC market."
"Kodak sues Apple  HTC over digital image patents " "The struggling Eastman Kodak Co on Tuesday sued Apple Inc  whose market value is more than 2 400 times greater  accusing it of infringing four patents related to digital camera images."
"UPDATE 3-U.S. authorities probe U.S.-China commission email hack " "* Apple says did not give India backdoor access to products"
"Apple buys Israeli technology firm Anobit " "JERUSALEM Apple said on Wednesday it had bought Israel's Anobit  a maker of flash storage technology whose chips it already uses in gadgets such as the iPad."
"Apple buys Israeli technology firm Anobit " "JERUSALEM  Jan 11 Apple said on Wednesday it had bought Israel's Anobit  a maker of flash storage technology whose chips it already uses in gadgets such as the iPad."
"Apple plans January 19 education event in New York " "Apple Inc  sent out media invitations on Wednesday announcing plans for an education event at New York's Guggenheim Museum on January 19 but did not reveal further details."
"CORRECTED-CES-Strong Apple contingent expected at CES " "LAS VEGAS Jan 10 Apple Inc  famous for giving CES the cold shoulder year after year  will field a larger presence at the world's largest trade show than many observers imagine."
"Strong Apple contingent expected at CES " "LAS VEGAS Apple Inc  famous for giving CES the cold shoulder year after year  will field a larger presence at the world's largest trade show than many observers imagine."
"Apple reveals supply chain  details conditions " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple revealed its closely guarded list of global suppliers for the first time and vowed to deal with worker abuses  hoping to deflect criticism it was turning a blind eye to cases of poor working conditions in a mostly Asian supply chain."
"Apple to halt sales of latest iPhone in China retail stores " "SHANGHAI  Jan 13 Apple Inc said on Friday it will stop selling its latest iPhone in its retail stores in Beijing and Shanghai to ensure the safety of its customers and employees."
"Disgruntled shoppers pelt Apple store in Beijing " "BEIJING Enraged Chinese shoppers pelted Apple Inc's flagship Beijing store with eggs and shoving matches broke out with police on Friday when customers were told the store would not begin sales of the iPhone 4S as scheduled. | Video "
"Enraged shoppers pelt Beijing Apple store with eggs " "BEIJING  Jan 13 Apple Inc's  flagship Beijing store was pelted with eggs on Friday when hundreds of enraged shoppers  many of whom had waited in line overnight  were told the store would not begin sales of the iPhone 4S as scheduled."
"Factbox: Apple's supplier list contains few surprises " "LOS ANGELES Apple Inc.  a company notorious for keeping its supply chain a secret  for the first time released a list of its major suppliers. A portion of the companies are listed below. An updated list will follow."
"iPhone sales halted after shoppers pelt Apple store with eggs " "BEIJING Enraged Chinese shoppers pelted Apple Inc's  flagship Beijing store with eggs and shoving matches broke out with police on Friday when customers were told the store would not begin sales of the iPhone 4S as scheduled."
"UPDATE 3-iPhone sales halted after shoppers pelt Apple store with eggs " "* Scalpers hired thousands of stand-ins to wait in line-Report"
"U.S. trade judge: Motorola does not infringe Apple " "Motorola Mobility Inc did not violate Apple's patented technology in making its Droid  Cliq  BackFlip and other smartphones  a judge at the U.S. International Trade Commission said in a preliminary decision issued on Friday."
"Japan's Sumida gains after Apple reveals supply chain " "TOKYO Shares of Sumida Corp rose 2 percent in early trade on Monday  outperforming the broader market  after Apple revealed the special coil manufacturer is on its list of suppliers."
"Android tablets closing in on iPad: researcher " "Tablet computers using Google's Android software narrowed the lead of Apple's iPad on the global market in the fourth quarter  research firm Strategy Analytics said on Thursday."
"Apple CEO faces first test with cash mountain " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple CEO Tim Cook has a problem  a $98 billion problem."
"iPhone thieves find Apple support helpful to them  too " "When Apple Inc  set up its customer service plan for the iPhone  it seems to have had the best intentions of humanity in mind -- any phone under warranty can get serviced because it's the phone that's tied to the warranty  not the owner."
"IPhone thieves find Apple support helpful to them  too " "When Apple Inc set up its customer service plan for the iPhone  it seems to have had the best intentions of humanity in mind -- any phone under warranty can get serviced because it's the phone that's tied to the warranty  not the owner."
"LG Display Q4 loss narrows as TV panel prices stabilise " "SEOUL  Jan 27 Flat-screen maker LG Display  posted a sharply narrowed quarterly loss on Friday  helped by solid demand from smartphones and tablet makers and as tumbling TV panel prices stabilise."
"Nokia profits dive as new phones slow to take off " "HELSINKI Nokia Oyj reported a 73 percent fall in fourth-quarter earnings as sales of its new Windows Phones failed to dent the dominance of Apple Inc's iPhone or compensate for diving sales of its own old smartphones. | Video "
"Samsung posts record quarterly profit powered by smartphones " "SEOUL Samsung Electronics Co  the world's top technology firm by revenue  reported a record quarterly profit on Friday  aided by its best-ever sales of smartphones and one-off gains."
"Samsung to report Q4; eyes on smartphone sales  spending plans " "* Q4 operating profit seen up 73 pct to record 5.2 trln won"
"UPDATE 2-Nintendo sees first annual loss  cuts 3DS fcast " "* Cuts unit sales forecasts for consoles  handheld devices"
"Apple not turning ""blind eye"" to supply chain problems: CEO " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc has never turned ""a blind eye"" to the problems in its supply chain and any suggestion it does not care about the plight of workers is ""patently false "" Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook said in an email to employees."
"Apple overtakes Samsung in Q4 smartphone sales: report " "SEOUL Apple Inc overtook Samsung Electronics Co Ltd as the world's top smartphone maker in the fourth quarter of last year  with the South Korean company selling about half a million fewer smartphones than its rival  research firm Strategy Analytics said on Friday."
"German court rules against Samsung in suit with Apple " "SEOUL  Jan 27 Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  said on Friday that a German court has ruled against it in a patent suit with Apple Inc over mobile technology  the latest verdict in an intensifying global legal battle between the two technology giants."
"German court rules against Samsung in suit with Apple " "SEOUL Samsung Electronics Co Ltd said on Friday that a German court has ruled against it in a patent suit with Apple Inc over mobile technology  the latest verdict in an intensifying global legal battle between the two technology giants. | Video "
"REFILE-UPDATE 2-Japan's NEC to slash 10 000 jobs  sees huge net loss " "TOKYO  Jan 26 NEC Corp said Thursday it will slash 10 000 jobs  almost one in 10 of its workers  in a bid to cut costs as competition from foreign rivals including Apple Inc pushes it deep into the red."
"Smartphones drive record Samsung profit " "SEOUL Samsung Electronics Co posted a record $4.7 billion quarterly operating profit  driven by booming smartphone sales  and will spend $22 billion this year to boost production of chips and flat screens to pull further ahead of smaller rivals. | Video "
"Steve Jobs told Google to stop poaching workers " "Apple's Steve Jobs directly asked former Google Chief Executive Eric Schmidt to stop trying to recruit an Apple engineer  a transgression that threatened one junior Google employee's job  according to a court filing."
"UPDATE 2-LG Display Q4 loss narrows  expects stable panel prices " "SEOUL  Jan 27 Flat-screen maker LG Display  posted a sharply narrowed quarterly loss on Friday  helped by solid demand from smartphones and tablet makers such as Apple Inc and as falling TV panel prices stabilised."
"Steve Jobs told Google to stop poaching workers " "Apple's Steve Jobs directly asked former Google Chief Executive Eric Schmidt to stop trying to recruit an Apple engineer  a transgression that threatened one junior Google employee's job  according to a court filing. | Video "
"Apple hires Dixons chief to drive global retail " "LONDON/SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc has hired Dixons Chief Executive John Browett  who revived the British electronics retailer by emphasizing customer service  to lead the iPad maker's global retail expansion."
"Dixons Retail CEO quits to join Apple " "Europe's second-biggest electrical goods retailer Dixons Retail said on Tuesday that its chief executive was leaving the company to join the world's most valuable technology corporation  Apple  as senior vice president of retail."
"EU regulators investigate Samsung over mobile patents " "BRUSSELS EU regulators are investigating whether Samsung Electronics breached antitrust rules by accusing rivals such as Apple of infringing its technology patents  a tactic used by other companies such as Motorola Mobility."
"German court upholds ban of Samsung's older tablet " "FRANKFURT Samsung Electronics lost a bid to overturn a ruling barring its local unit from selling its Galaxy 10.1 tablets in Germany  handing a symbolic legal victory to Apple Inc in efforts to keep its lead spot in the tablet computer market. | Video "
"REFILE-UPDATE 3-Apple poaches Dixons chief to expand retail " "LONDON  Jan 31 Apple Inc is hiring Dixons chief executive John Browett  who drove a recent turnaround at the UK electricals retailer  to lead the iPad maker's retail expansion."
"Toshiba cuts outlook after Q3 profit tumbles " "TOKYO Toshiba Corp  Japan's biggest chip maker  booked a 72 percent fall in quarterly operating profit on Tuesday and slashed its annual profit forecast as a strong yen and the euro-zone debt crisis hit profits."
"UPDATE 1-ARM Q4 profit beats view  eyes more market share " "* Q4 pretax up 45 pct to 69 mln stg (analyst poll 55.8 mln"
"UPDATE 1-German court upholds ban of Samsung's older tablet " "* Samsung  Apple embroiled in legal battles around world   (Adds details  background)"
"UPDATE 2-EU regulators investigate Samsung over mobile patents " "* Will also look into whether Samsung has breached licensing pledge"
"Angelic ""Steve Jobs"" loves Android in Taiwan TV ad " "TAIPEI He may have derided Android devices in real life but in the afterlife Apple Inc founder Steve Jobs is glad he can use one -- or at least that's the story a Jobs look-alike tells in a recent TV commercial for a Taiwanese electronics company's new product."
"CORRECTED-Angelic ""Steve Jobs"" loves Android in Taiwan TV ad " "TAIPEI  Feb 2 He may have derided Android devices in real life but in the afterlife Apple Inc founder Steve Jobs is glad he can use one -- or at least that's the story a Jobs look-alike tells in a recent TV commercial for a Taiwanese electronics company's new product."
"Apple stops selling some devices online in Germany " "FRANKFURT  Feb 3 Apple Inc  stopped offering older models of its iPhone and 3G-based iPads at its German online store on Friday in a response to an injunction won by Motorola Mobility Holdings Inc in December."
"Apple to resume full online sales in Germany " "FRANKFURT Apple Inc said it was cleared to resume selling older models of its iPhone and 3G-based iPads via its German online store on Friday  after the suspension of an injunction won by Motorola Mobility Holdings Inc in December."
"UPDATE 1-Apple to resume full online sales in Germany " "* Motorola injunction stopped sale of some devices online"
"Apple in talks on iTV with Canada telecoms: report " "TORONTO Apple Inc. is in talks with Canada's two biggest telecom companies about becoming partners in the launch of iTV  a device combining features of the wildly popular iPad tablet with those of a television set  a newspaper reported on Tuesday."
"Halliburton to abandon BlackBerry  turn to iPhone " "TORONTO  Feb 7 Oil field services company Halliburton plans to stop issuing BlackBerry smartphones to employees and switch over to Apple's iPhone  which it said was better suited to its needs  marking another setback for Research In Motion."
"Halliburton to abandon BlackBerry  turn to iPhone " "TORONTO Oil field services company Halliburton plans to stop issuing BlackBerry smartphones to employees and switch over to Apple's iPhone  which it said was better suited to its needs  marking another setback for Research In Motion."
"Rogers  BCE in talks with Apple over iTV -report " "TORONTO  Feb 7 Rogers Communications  and BCE are in talks to become Canadian launch partners for Apple Inc.'s much-hyped iTV  which promises to turn conventional television sets into giant iPads  a newspaper reported on Tuesday."
"UPDATE 1-Apple in talks on iTV with Canada telecoms -report " "TORONTO  Feb 7 Apple Inc. is in talks with Canada's two biggest telecom companies about becoming partners in the launch of iTV  a device combining features of the wildly popular iPad tablet with those of a television set  a newspaper reported on Tuesday."
"Apple to reveal latest iPad in March: report " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc plans to introduce its latest iPad tablet at an event in the first week in March  the website AllThingsD reported  citing unnamed sources."
"Apple to reveal latest iPad in March - report " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 9 Apple Inc   plans to introduce its latest iPad tablet at an event in the first week in March  the website AllThingsD reported  citing unnamed sources."
"Calpers seeking support for Apple board proposal " "SAN FRANCISCO Calpers  the largest U.S. pension fund  is seeking support for a longstanding proposal to get Apple Inc to require a majority vote before electing unopposed candidates to the company's board."
"Calpers seeking support for Apple board proposal " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 9 Calpers  the largest U.S. pension fund  is seeking support for a longstanding proposal to get Apple Inc to require a majority vote before electing unopposed candidates to the company's board."
"FBI memos paint Jobs as driven  reality-distorting visionary " "Apple co-founder Steve Jobs  hailed as one of the greatest technology visionaries of his generation  dabbled in illicit drugs in his youth and alienated colleagues yet commanded universal respect  according to interviews conducted by the FBI in the 1990s."
"FBI memos paint Jobs as driven  reality-distorting visionary " "Apple Inc co-founder Steve Jobs  hailed as one of the greatest technology visionaries of his generation  dabbled in illicit drugs in his youth and alienated colleagues yet commanded universal respect  according to interviews conducted by the FBI in the 1990s."
"FBI memos paint Jobs as driven  reality-distorting visionary " "Feb 9 Apple Inc co-founder Steve Jobs  hailed as one of the greatest technology visionaries of his generation  dabbled in illicit drugs in his youth and alienated colleagues yet commanded universal respect  according to interviews conducted by the FBI in the 1990s."
"German court says Samsung can sell reworked tablet " "DUESSELDORF  Germany Samsung Electronics Co Ltd's reworked tablet PC does not look like a copycat version of the iPad  a German court said  affirming a preliminary assessment and dealing another legal blow to Apple Inc."
"US STOCKS-Greek deal enough for modest gains on Wall St " "NEW YORK  Feb 9 U.S. stocks rose modestly for a third straight day on Thursday after Greece reached a deal to secure a financial bailout  but investors were cautious after weeks of gains."
"US STOCKS-Wall St ticks higher after Greece deal " "* Apple at record high  report says new iPad due in March"
"Apple sues Motorola Mobility over Qualcomm license " "Apple sued Motorola Mobility in a U.S. court on Friday in an attempt to stop Motorola from asserting some patent claims against Apple in Germany  according to the lawsuit."
"FBI memos paint Jobs as driven  reality-distorting visionary " "Apple Inc co-founder Steve Jobs  hailed as one of the greatest technology visionaries of his generation  dabbled in illicit drugs in his youth and alienated colleagues yet commanded universal respect  according to interviews conducted by the FBI in the 1990s. | Video "
"UPDATE 2-Apple sues Motorola Mobility over Qualcomm license " "Feb 10 Apple sued Motorola Mobility in a U.S. court on Friday in an attempt to stop Motorola from asserting some patent claims against Apple in Germany  according to the lawsuit."
"U.S. air force plans purchase of up to 18 000 iPads " "Feb 10 The U.S. Air Force plans to buy up to 18 000 iPads or similar tablet devices to cut down on the amount of paper charts and manuals its pilots and flight crews carry."
"Apple launches new legal attack on Samsung phones " "Apple Inc has asked a federal court in California to block Samsung Electronics Co Ltd from selling its new Galaxy Nexus smartphones  alleging patent violations."
"Apple launches new legal attack on Samsung phones " "Feb 12 Apple Inc has asked a federal court in California to block Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  from selling its new Galaxy Nexus smartphones  alleging patent violations."
"Analysis: One area where Apple lags: Its low returns on cash " "NEW YORK Apple Inc once again rewarded shareholders richly as its shares surged to new highs above $500 on Monday. There is  though  one part of the iPhone and iPad company's business that is not exactly humming: Its management of a pile of money now probably exceeding $100 billion."
"Apple pops  Wall St firms drop in brand study " "* Apple  Google  Coke have best reputations in annual poll"
"Apple pops  Wall St firms drop in brand study " "Apple Inc  has the best image of any American company  scoring a record high in a new reputation study  while financial institutions filled the ranks of the worst."
"Apple subjects Foxconn  partners to labor scrutiny " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc said on Monday that a U.S. non-profit labor group has begun an ""unprecedented"" inspection of working conditions at its main contract manufacturers  including Foxconn's plants in southern China  as the maker of the IPhone continues to grapple with persistent image problems there."
"Apple subjects Foxconn  partners to labor scrutiny " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 13 Apple Inc  said on Monday that a U.S. non-profit labor group has begun an ""unprecedented"" inspection of working conditions at its main contract manufacturers  including Foxconn's plants in southern China  as the maker of the IPhone continues to grapple with persistent image problems there."
"MARKET PULSE-Apple  Google  United Tech " "The company raised the stake in an intensifying global patent battle with Samsung Electronics by targeting the latest model using Google's fast growing Android software  a move which may affect other Android phone makers."
"S.Korea's KT wants Internet-TV profit split with Google  Apple " "SEOUL  Feb 13 South Korea's top Internet provider  KT Corp  said on Monday it would demand a share of the profits companies like Google Inc and Apple Inc derive from Internet-enabled TV services as network operators vie for a bigger stake in the burgeoning industry."
"Some China cities order halt of iPad sales - media " "HONG KONG  Feb 13 Authorities from some Chinese cities have ordered retailers to stop selling Apple Inc's tablet PCs due to a dispute with a domestic company that claims to own the iPad name  media reports said on Monday."
"UPDATE 1-Apple launches new legal attack on Samsung phones " "* Suit targets latest Android phone  widens attack on Google"
"Apple CEO: cash discussions intensifying " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc is in very active discussions at the board level about what to do with its steadily growing hoard of cash and securities  Chief Executive Tim Cook said on Tuesday  responding to calls for the world's most valuable electronics company to put its massive cash reserves to work."
"Apple may face iPad export ban in China trademark row " "HONG KONG/SHANGHAI A Chinese tech firm that claims it still owns the iPad trademark will seek a ban on exports of Apple Inc's computer tablets from China  which could deal a blow to the U.S. technology giant's sales worldwide."
"China's Proview seeks iPad trade ban in Apple trademark row " "A Chinese tech firm claiming to own the ""iPad"" trademark plans to seek a ban on shipments of Apple Inc's computer tablets into and out of China  a lawyer for the company  Proview Technology (Shenzhen)  said on Tuesday."
"China's Proview seeks iPad trade ban in Apple trademark row " "Feb 14 A Chinese tech firm claiming to own the ""iPad"" trademark plans to seek a ban on shipments of Apple Inc's computer tablets into and out of China  a lawyer for the company  Proview Technology (Shenzhen)  said on Tuesday."
"Top hedge funds made timely 4th quarter Apple buys " "Feb 14 Leading hedge fund managers including David Tepper  Andreas Halvorsen and David Einhorn smartly added to their holdings of Apple in the fourth quarter after the death of Steve Jobs."
"Top hedge funds made timely 4th quarter Apple buys " "Leading hedge fund managers including David Tepper  Andreas Halvorsen and David Einhorn smartly added to their holdings of Apple  in the fourth quarter after the death of Steve Jobs."
"UPDATE 1-Apple CEO says takes labor conditions ""very seriously"" " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 14 Apple Inc  Chief Executive Tim Cook again stressed that the iPhone and iPad maker takes labor conditions in its globe-spanning supply chain seriously  addressing persistent criticism that its production partners may be mistreating workers."
"UPDATE 1-Top hedge funds made timely 4th quarter Apple buys " "Feb 14 Leading hedge fund managers including David Tepper  Andreas Halvorsen and David Einhorn smartly added to their holdings of Apple in the fourth quarter after the death of Steve Jobs."
"UPDATE 2-Apple CEO: cash discussions intensifying " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 14 Apple Inc  is in very active discussions at the board level about what to do with its steadily growing hoard of cash and securities  Chief Executive Tim Cook said on Tuesday  responding to calls for the world's most valuable electronics company to put its massive cash reserves to work."
"UPDATE 3-Apple may face iPad export ban in China trademark row " "HONG KONG/SHANGHAI  Feb 14 A Chinese tech firm that claims it still owns the iPad trademark will seek a ban on exports of Apple Inc's computer tablets from China  which could deal a blow to the U.S. technology giant's sales worldwide."
"Apple asked about iPhone privacy by US legislators " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 15 U.S. legislators on Wednesday sought more information from Apple Inc  regarding its privacy policies  pulling the iPhone manufacturer into a swelling controversy over how developers on its popular iOS mobile platform have been able to access users' private address book data."
"Apple iPad plant conditions better than the norm: agency " "BEIJING Working conditions at Chinese manufacturing plants where Apple Inc's iPads and iPhones are made are far better than those at garment factories or other facilities elsewhere in the country  according to the head of a non-profit agency investigating the plants. | Video "
"Apple tweaks apps policy under lawmaker pressure " "SAN FRANCISCO Under pressure from U.S. legislators  Apple Inc moved Wednesday to quell a swelling privacy controversy by saying that it will begin to require iPhone and iPad apps to seek ""explicit approval"" in separate user prompts before accessing users' address book data."
"Factbox: Apple shares  a market darling  reach all-time high " "Apple Inc stock charged into unfamiliar territory on Wednesday  reaching an all-time high well above $500  before dipping in late trading."
"Factbox: Apple shares  a market darling  reach all-time high " "Apple Inc stock charged into unfamiliar territory on Wednesday  reaching an all-time high well above $500  before dipping in late trading."
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Euro falls  U.S. stocks retreat as Apple falls " "NEW YORK  Feb 15 The euro fell and global shares pared gains on Wednesday after a rally that pushed Wall Street to seven-month highs lost ground on mounting concerns about a bailout of Greece and renewed doubts among Federal Reserve officials about the U.S. economy."
"REFILE-US STOCKS-Apple falls  drags Wall Street lower " "* Gauge of NY manufacturing growth highest in 1-1/2 years"
"UPDATE 1-Apple tweaks apps policy under lawmaker pressure " "* U.S. legislators request information about Apple privacy policies"
"US STOCKS-Apple falls  and Wall Street follows " "* Gauge of NY manufacturing growth highest in 1-1/2 years"
"US STOCKS-Market declines after hitting technical wall " "* Gauge of NY manufacturing growth highest in 1-1/2 years"
"Apple seeks court permission to sue Kodak " "NEW YORK Apple Inc has asked a bankruptcy court for permission to sue Eastman Kodak  accusing it of infringing its patents."
"Apple seeks court permission to sue Kodak " "NEW YORK  Feb 15 Apple Inc has asked a bankruptcy court for permission to sue Eastman Kodak   accusing it of infringing its patents."
"Apple tweaks apps policy under lawmaker pressure " "SAN FRANCISCO Under pressure from U.S. legislators  Apple Inc moved Wednesday to quell a swelling privacy controversy by saying that it will begin to require iPhone and iPad apps to seek ""explicit approval"" in separate user prompts before accessing users' address book data. | Video "
"More Chinese cities halt Apple iPad orders -reports " "HONG KONG  Feb 16 Retailers in more Chinese cities have been told by authorities to take the popular iPad tablet PCs off their shelves this week  media reports said on Thursday  due to a legal battle between a Chinese technology firm and Apple Inc over trademark issues."
"US STOCKS-Economy  Greek deal hopes lift Wall Street " "* Indexes up: Dow 0.85 pct  S&P 0.78 pct  Nasdaq 0.89 pts"
"US STOCKS-Wall St rises on strong U.S. data " "* Moody's warns may cut 17 global banks  securities firms"
"Apple did not infringe HTC patented technology-ITC " "Feb 17 Apple Inc did not infringe patented technology owned by Android phonemaker HTC Corp   the U.S. International Trade Commission said on Friday  the latest ruling in the wide-ranging smartphone patent wars."
"Apple did not infringe HTC technology: ITC " "Apple Inc did not infringe patented technology owned by Android phonemaker HTC Corp  the U.S. International Trade Commission said on Friday  the latest ruling in the wide-ranging smartphone patent wars."
"Apple loses share in Q4 in China smartphone market " "HONG KONG/BEIJING  Feb 17 Apple Inc's  share of China's smartphone market slipped for a second straight quarter in the fourth quarter of last year  with its ranking dropping to No.5 amid competition from local vendors and as some consumers delayed purchases to wait for the iPhone 4S launch  Gartner said on Friday."
"Apple's iPhone loses China market share " "HONG KONG/BEIJING Apple Inc's share of China's booming smartphone market slipped for a second straight quarter in October-December  as it lost ground to cheaper local brands and as some shoppers held off until after the iPhone 4S launch last month. | Video "
"iPad maker Foxconn lifts China workers pay again " "TAIPEI  Feb 17 Foxconn Technology Group  the top maker of Apple Inc's iPhones and iPads whose factories are under scrutiny over labour practices  has raised wages of its Chinese workers by 16-25 percent from this month  the third rise since 2010."
"RPT-UPDATE 2-Apple's iPhone loses China market share " "* In Q4  Apple ranks 5th in China smartphone mkt - Gartner"
"UPDATE 1-Apple did not infringe HTC technology - ITC " "* Had asked for import bans of Apple's iPad  iPod  iPhone"
"Motorola Mobility says Apple files EU patent complaint " "BRUSSELS  Feb 18 Apple has asked EU anti-trust regulators to step in and settle a technology patent dispute between the company and Motorola Mobility   according to Motorola Mobility."
"Apple's China trademark battle moves to Shanghai " "SHANGHAI Apple Inc's trademark battle moves to one of China's richest cities on Wednesday when a Shanghai court will deliberate a request by troubled technology company Proview to halt the sale of iPads across the city."
"China Telecom says in deal with Apple to sell iPhones in China " "HONG KONG  Feb 21 China Telecom  the smallest of the country's three carriers  said on Tuesday it had signed an agreement with Apple Inc to sell iPhones in China  the world's largest mobile phone market."
"China Telecom to sell iPhones; China Mobile still months away " "HONG KONG Apple Inc has signed with China Telecom to sell its iPhone in China from next month as it looks to boost its flagging share of the world's biggest mobile phone market."
"REFILE-Apple's China trademark battle moves to Shanghai " "SHANGHAI  Feb 21 Apple Inc's  trademark battle moves to one of China's richest cities on Wednesday when a Shanghai court will deliberate a request by troubled technology company Proview to halt the sale of iPads across the city."
"Singapore Hot Stocks-Hi-P up 13% on contract speculation " "SINGAPORE  Feb 21 Shares of Singapore's Hi-P International Ltd surged as much as 12.8 percent on expectations of new business  although the contract manufacturer denied it had won a large order from U.S. computer giant Apple Inc."
"UPDATE 2-China Telecom to sell iPhones; China Mobile still months away " "HONG KONG  Feb 21 Apple Inc has signed with China Telecom to sell its iPhone in China from next month as it looks to boost its flagging share of the world's biggest mobile phone market."
"US STOCKS-Wall St flat after Greek deal  Wal-Mart drags " "NEW YORK  Feb 21 U.S. stocks were little changed on Tuesday as enthusiasm waned over a deal to enable Greece to avoid a March default  while Wal-Mart weighed on the Dow after lower-than-expected results."
"Apple shareholders to meet as stock at record high " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook is in an enviable position - market leading products  a $98 billion warchest and a seemingly gravity-defying stock price."
"Apple shareholders to meet as stock at record high " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 21 Apple Inc  Chief Executive Tim Cook is in an enviable position - market leading products  a $98 billion warchest and a seemingly gravity-defying stock price."
"MARKET PULSE-Apple  General Motors  JNJ  Dell " "Feb 22 Some U.S. stocks to watch on Wednesday:"
"RPT-Apple shareholders to meet as stock at record high " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 21 Apple Inc  Chief Executive Tim Cook is in an enviable position - market leading products  a $98 billion warchest and a seemingly gravity-defying stock price."
"Shanghai court hears Apple iPad trademark case " "SHANGHAI  Feb 22 A Shanghai court began hearing on Wednesday a case brought by a Chinese technology firm seeking to halt the sale of Apple Inc's iPads across the affluent Chinese city  accusing the U.S. firm of trademark infringement."
"UPDATE 1-Chinese firm seeks halt of iPad sales in Shanghai " "SHANGHAI  Feb 22 A Chinese technology firm sought to halt the sale of Apple Inc's iPads across the affluent city of Shanghai  arguing at a local court hearing on Wednesday that the U.S. firm had infringed on its trademark."
"Apple agrees to adopt board majority-vote proposal " "CUPERTINO  Calif.  Feb 23 Apple Inc  on Thursday adopted a measure long desired by shareholders and governance activists  requiring its directors to win a majority vote before being elected to the board."
"Apple ponders cash  caves on board-vote proposal " "CUPERTINO  California Apple Inc on Thursday adopted a measure long desired by investors and corporate governance activists  granting its shareholders a bigger say in the appointment of directors to the board of the world's most valuable technology company. | Video "
"Chinese court says Apple can sell iPads in Shanghai -source " "SHANGHAI  Feb 23 A Shanghai court has rejected a request by a Chinese technology firm that the sale of Apple Inc's iPads be halted across the affluent Chinese city  a source with direct knowledge of the ruling said on Thursday."
"Court says Apple can sell iPads in Shanghai " "SHANGHAI A Shanghai court has rejected a request by a Chinese technology firm to stop Apple Inc selling its iPad tablet computers in the city  a source said  part of a wider battle for Apple over the trademark in China."
"Court says Apple can still sell iPads in Shanghai " "SHANGHAI A Shanghai court has rejected a request in a trademark case to stop Apple selling its iPad tablet computers in the city  averting an embarrassing suspension of iPad sales in its own flagship stores."
"Getjar seeks share of Android app payments " "Feb 23 GetJar  the largest independent mobile software store  unveiled on Thursday a virtual payment system  promising developers better returns for apps they sell for Google's Android platform."
"REFILE-HP  Dell watch rising China labor costs for Apple products " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 22 Hewlett-Packard  and Dell Inc are keeping a close eye on a big jump in wages for workers that assemble Apple Inc's iPhone in China  and could be forced to nudge up prices for their own products if labor costs keep rising."
"UPDATE 1-Apple ponders cash  caves on board-vote proposal " "CUPERTINO  Calif.  Feb 23 Apple Inc  on Thursday adopted a measure long desired by investors and corporate governance activists  granting its shareholders a bigger say in the appointment of directors to the board of the world's largest technology company."
"UPDATE 2-Court says Apple can still sell iPads in Shanghai " "* Courtroom battle moves to higher court in southern China"
"UPDATE 3-Apple ponders cash  caves on board-vote proposal " "* Investors avoid tough questions with shares near life high"
"Apple halts ""push"" email services in Germany " "Apple Inc has been forced to de-activate ""push"" notification features for mobile users of its iCloud and MobileMe services in Germany  after an injunction was issued in favor of rival Motorola Mobility Holdings Inc."
"Apple halts ""push"" email services in Germany " "Feb 24 Apple Inc has been forced to de-activate ""push"" notification features for mobile users of its iCloud and MobileMe services in Germany  after an injunction was issued in favor of rival Motorola Mobility Holdings Inc ."
"Apple's China legal battle over iPad spreads to U.S. " "LOS ANGELES/HONG KONG A Chinese firm trying to stop Apple Inc from using the iPad name in China has launched an attack on the consumer electronics giant's home turf  filing a lawsuit in California that accuses it of employing deception when it bought the trademark. | Video "
"Apple tactics in China iPad deal unusual-experts " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 24 Proview Electronics  the firm trying to stop Apple Inc from using the iPad name in China  has a plausible claim over the unusual methods Apple used to conceal its identity when attempting to acquire Proview's trademarks  according to several legal experts."
"Apple tactics in China iPad deal unusual: experts " "SAN FRANCISCO Proview Electronics  the firm trying to stop Apple Inc from using the iPad name in China  has a plausible claim over the unusual methods Apple used to conceal its identity when attempting to acquire Proview's trademarks  according to several legal experts."
"Funds' love of Apple pays  but many managers lag " "Feb 24 Hedge funds' love affair with technology industry darling Apple Inc has rewarded some managers so far this year but half the industry  having been less savvy with its bets  is limping behind with subpar returns  new research from Goldman Sachs shows."
"Funds' love of Apple pays  but many managers lag " "Hedge funds' love affair with technology industry darling Apple Inc has rewarded some managers so far this year but half the industry  having been less savvy with its bets  is limping behind with subpar returns  new research from Goldman Sachs shows."
"Netflix: no plan to support BlackBerry  PlayBook " "Feb 24 Online and mail-order video company Netflix has no plans to bring its streaming service to Research In Motion's PlayBook tablet."
"OmniVision set to regain smartphone market share  shares jump " "Shares of OmniVision Technologies Inc  rose as much as 16 percent on Friday  as the camera sensors supplier recovered from a big contract loss with Apple Inc  to forecast better-than-expected quarterly results."
"UPDATE 2-Apple's China legal battle over iPad spreads to US " "* Apple sales in China may be affected if lawsuits drag on"
"Apple defeats Motorola in German court " "FRANKFURT  Feb 27 U.S. technology group Apple scored a legal success over rival Motorola Mobility Holdings when a German court said it could no longer ask Apple to halt sales of iPhone and iPad devices for now."
"Buffett--Adding IBM but more tech unlikely " "Feb 27 Berkshire Hathaway Inc has bought more shares in International Business Machines Corp  during the first quarter but is unlikely to do much more investing in the technology sector  Warren Buffett told CNBC on Monday."
"CORRECTED-NEWSMAKER-On the ropes  Apple's China nemesis still dreams " "Feb 27 Yang Long-san  Apple's nemesis in a battle over the iPad trademark in China  once strutted the expo halls with dreams of market dominance. His company  Proview  may now be in ruins and his most valuable asset a disputed trademark  but those dreams remain intact."
"Facebook offers olive branch to mobile carriers " "BARCELONA Facebook said it could team up with mobile operators on payments  in an offer that would give them back part of the revenue and influence they have lost in recent years to Apple  and Google ."
"Facebook ofrece la rama de olivo a las operadores móviles " "BARCELONA  27 feb Facebook dijo que podría asociarse con las operadoras móviles en los pagos  en una oferta que les devolvería parte de los ingresos y la influencia que han perdido en los últimos años frente a Apple y Google."
"Interview: China's Xiaomi hopes for revolution in " "SHANGHAI Chinese handset maker Xiaomi Technology is looking to raise more funds within the next year or two to boost production and sees revenue in the future coming from software applications rather than handset sales  the firm's president told Reuters on Monday."
"On the ropes  Apple's China nemesis still dreams " "Yang Long-san  Apple's nemesis in a battle over the iPad trademark in China  once strutted the expo halls with dreams of market dominance. His company  Proview  may now be in ruins and his most valuable asset a disputed trademark  but those dreams remain intact."
"RPT-Apple tactics in China iPad deal unusual-experts " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 24 Proview Electronics  the firm trying to stop Apple Inc from using the iPad name in China  has a plausible claim over the unusual methods Apple used to conceal its identity when attempting to acquire Proview's trademarks  according to several legal experts."
"Samsung aims to nearly double smartphone sales in 2012 " "SEOUL Samsung Electronics' mobile chief said it aimed to nearly double its smartphone sales in 2012 from last year  stepping up its battle with arch rival Apple Inc."
"UPDATE 1-Samsung aims to nearly double smartphone sales in 2012 -exec " "* Samsung mobile chief comments confirmed by company spokesman"
"Apple to hold special invitation-only event next week " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 28 Apple Inc  plans to hold a ""special event"" next week where it is expected to unveil the latest version of its popular iPad tablet."
"Apple to host event  new iPad expected " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc is hosting a media event next week where it is expected to unveil the latest version of its popular iPad tablet as it looks to thwart increasing competition from deep-pocketed rivals such as Amazon Inc."
"New  faster Apple iPad expected next week " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc is hosting a media event next Wednesday  where it is expected to unveil a faster  better-equipped version of its popular iPad tablet to thwart increasing competition from deep-pocketed rivals such as Amazon.com Inc."
"RPT-Facebook offers olive branch to mobile carriers " "BARCELONA  Feb 27 Facebook said it could team up with mobile operators on payments  in an offer that would give them back part of the revenue and influence they have lost in recent years to Apple and Google."
"UPDATE 1-KDDI to market iPad 3 by early March - Nikkei " "Feb 29 KDDI Corp is negotiating a deal with Apple Inc that will allow the Japanese mobile carrier to sell iPads in Japan  possibly by March when the third-generation tablets are set to release  the Nikkei reported."
"UPDATE 3-New  faster Apple iPad expected next week " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 28 Apple Inc  is hosting a media event next Wednesday  where it is expected to unveil a faster  better-equipped version of its popular iPad tablet to thwart increasing competition from deep-pocketed rivals such as Amazon.com Inc."
"China higher court begins hearing Apple iPad appeal " "GUANGZHOU  Feb 29 A long-running legal fight between Apple Inc and a debt-laden Chinese firm over the iPad trademark moved to a higher court on Wednesday  in a potentially decisive hearing that will set a precedent for the rest of mainland China."
"China higher court hears Apple's iPad appeal " "GUANGZHOU  China Lawyers for Apple Inc. argued for its right to use the iPad trademark in China on Wednesday  as a higher court began a crucial hearing that could result in sales of the wildly popular tablet computer being halted throughout the Chinese mainland. | Video "
"UPDATE 2-China higher court hears Apple's iPad appeal " "* Loss could force Apple to settle or change tablet name-expert"
"German court dismisses 2 Apple-Samsung patent suits " "MANNHEIM  Germany A German court on Friday dismissed two cases brought by Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics against each other as part of a global battle for dominance in the market for smartphones and tablet devices."
"German court rejects two Apple-Samsung patent suits " "MANNHEIM  Germany  March 2 A German court on Friday rejected two cases brought by Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd. against each other."
"UPDATE 1-German court dismisses 2 Apple-Samsung patent suits " "MANNHEIM  Germany  March 2 A German court on Friday dismissed two cases brought by Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics against each other as part of a global battle for dominance in the market for smartphones and tablet devices."
"U.S. senator asks FTC to probe Apple  Android " "NEW YORK  March 4 A U.S. senator has urged the Federal Trade Commission to investigate reports that applications on the Apple Inc and Google Inc  mobile systems steal private photos and contacts and post them online without consent."
"Investors roll the dice as Apple's value booms " "The world's most valuable company has turned into a bit of a casino stock."
"PRESS DIGEST - New York Times business news - March 5 " "March 5 The following were the top stories in the New York Times business pages on Monday. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy."
"Senator Schumer asks FTC to probe Apple  Android " "NEW YORK A U.S. senator has urged the Federal Trade Commission to investigate reports that applications on the Apple Inc and Google Inc mobile systems steal private photos and contacts and post them online without consent. | Video "
"UPDATE 2-SingTel unveils new structure and strategy  buys Amobee " "* New structure comprises consumer  digital services  ICT"
"Apple's next iPad may be a 4G game changer " "SAN FRANCISCO/NEW YORK Apple Inc is betting a 4G-equipped iPad will tempt more U.S. consumers to pay extra to watch high-quality video on the go  and in turn  give Verizon Wireless and AT&T Inc a revenue boost. | Video "
"Baird raises OmniVision on iPad contract  shares up " "Baird upgraded OmniVision Technologies Inc  a notch to ""outperform"" on indications that the company's camera sensors will be used in the next version of Apple Inc's  iPad tablet."
"China's Proview says in talks with creditor seeking bankruptcy " "March 6 Proview Technology (Shenzhen)  embroiled in a legal battle with Apple Inc over the iPad trademark  is in talks with a Taiwan creditor that is seeking its bankruptcy  Proview's chairman and lawyer said on Tuesday."
"Google recasts Android Market with new name " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc is renaming its online storefront for music  books and digital goods  its latest move to raise its profile in the market for electronic content sales and to better compete with Apple Inc and Amazon.com Inc."
"Google recasts Android Market with new name " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 6 Google Inc  is renaming its online storefront for music  books and digital goods  its latest move to raise its profile in the market for electronic content sales and to better compete with Apple Inc  and Amazon.com Inc."
"In China  Apple faces its ""Nike moment""? " "BEIJING As Apple Inc  the world's most valuable listed company  braces itself for a report into alleged poor working conditions among its army of low-cost suppliers in China  it could heed the lessons from another big-brand retailer that faced similar issues two decades ago."
"Investors roll the dice as Apple's value booms " "(Reuters) The world's most valuable company has turned into a bit of a casino stock."
"Apple lifts lid on 4G iPad  keeps prices " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc took the wraps off a faster 4G-equipped iPad starting at $629  hoping the latest version of its tablet can safeguard its dominance over rivals ranging from Amazon.com Inc to Samsung Electronics Co Ltd. | Video "
"Apple's next iPad may boost 4G demand " "SAN FRANCISCO/NEW YORK Apple Inc is betting a 4G-equipped iPad will tempt more U.S. consumers to pay extra to watch high-quality video on the go  and in turn  give Verizon Wireless and AT&T Inc a revenue boost. | Video "
"Apple's older iPad 2 now sells for $399 " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc slashed the price on the iPad 2 to $399  minutes after announcing that its third-generation tablet hits store shelves next week."
"Apple's older iPad 2 now sells for $399 " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 7 Apple Inc  slashed the price on the iPad 2 to $399  minutes after announcing that its third-generation tablet hits store shelves next week."
"CEO Cook kicks off Apple's iPad-unveiling event " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 7 Apple Inc  is expected to take the wraps off a faster 4G-equipped iPad on Wednesday  hoping the latest version of its tablet can safeguard its dominance as rivals from Amazon to Samsung  pile into the market."
"Instant view: Apple unveils more powerful  high-def iPad " "Apple Inc unveiled an upgraded version of its popular iPad tablet on Wednesday  featuring a more powerful chip  high-definition screen  sharper camera and access to new high-speed wireless networks."
"UPDATE 5-Apple lifts lid on 4G iPad  keeps prices " "* 4G  better screen  as expected     * Facing aggressive competitors     * Cook expounds on post-PC world     * Upgraded Apple TV still $99       By Poornima Gupta and Alexei Oreskovic	     SAN FRANCISCO  March 7 Apple Inc  took the wraps off a faster 4G-equipped iPad starting at $629  hoping the latest version of its tablet can safeguard its dominance over rivals ranging from Amazon.com Inc to Samsung Electronics Co Ltd.	     Chief Executive Tim Cook  presiding over his second major"
"US STOCKS-Futures gain after selloff  ADP jobs report eyed " "NEW YORK  March 7 U.S. stock index futures rose on Wednesday  a day after Wall Street suffered its worst selloff in three months and ahead of a private employment report expected to show the U.S. economy added jobs in February."
"US STOCKS-Wall St rises after jobs report  Apple gains " "NEW YORK  March 7 U.S. stocks edged higher on Wednesday  a day after Wall Street suffered its worst selloff in three months and as a report showed the private sector added more jobs than expected."
"US STOCKS-Wall St set to rise on jobs report  Apple eyed " "NEW YORK  March 7 U.S. stock index futures rose on Wednesday  a day after Wall Street suffered its worst selloff in three months and as a report showed the private sector added more jobs than expected."
"Apple addiction drives sales  hits retail margins " "NEW YORK For U.S. consumer electronics chains Best Buy  and RadioShack   selling Apple  products is at best a bittersweet experience."
"Apple barred from pursuing Kodak patent claims now " "* Bankruptcy judge: Pending infringement case must stay on hold"
"Apple barred from pursuing Kodak patent claims now " "NEW YORK Apple Inc  the biggest U.S. company by market value  was told it cannot now pursue ongoing patent infringement litigation against bankrupt photography giant Eastman Kodak Co."
"Apple to stay ahead of rivals with faster iPad: analysts " "Apple Inc will continue to retain the lion's share of the tablet market as its new 4G-enabled iPad readies for competition from Windows 8-based products  and a cheaper iPad 2 takes on Amazon's popular Kindle Fire  analysts said. | Video "
"Justice Department may sue Apple  publishers on e-books " "The Justice Department has warned Apple  and five major publishers that it plans to sue them  accusing them of colluding to raise the prices of electronic books  a person familiar with the probe said on Thursday."
"Justice Dept may sue Apple  publishers on e-books " "The Justice Department has warned Apple and five major U.S. publishers that it plans to sue them  accusing them of colluding to raise the prices of electronic books  a person familiar with the probe said on Thursday."
"Justice Dept warns Apple  publishers over e-books " "The U.S. Justice Department has warned Apple and five major U.S. publishers that it plans to sue them  accusing them of colluding to raise the prices of electronic books  a person familiar with the probe said on Thursday."
"Proview Shenzhen asks China distributors to halt iPad sales " "HONG KONG Proview Technology  which is battling Apple over the iPad trademark in China  has asked Chinese distributors to stop selling the popular tablet PC after the U.S. technology giant launched the latest version of its iPad."
"UPDATE 1-Apple barred from pursuing Kodak patent claims now " "* Bankruptcy judge: Pending infringement case must stay on hold"
"UPDATE 3-US Justice Dept warns Apple  publishers over e-books " "March 8 The U.S. Justice Department has warned Apple and five major U.S. publishers that it plans to sue them  accusing them of colluding to raise the prices of electronic books  a person familiar with the probe said on Thursday."
"Apple to build $304 million campus in Texas  add 3 600 jobs " "Apple Inc is expanding its presence in Texas with a $304 million investment to build a new campus in Austin  which will add 3 600 jobs over the next decade  more than doubling its workforce in the city."
"Exclusive: Google leans on developers to use payment service " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc has been pressuring applications and mobile game developers to use its costlier in-house payment service  Google Wallet  as the Internet search giant tries to emulate the financial success of Apple Inc's iOS platform."
"REFILE-Apple to build $304 mln campus in Texas  add 3 600 jobs " "March 9 Apple Inc is expanding its presence in Texas with a $304 million investment to build a new campus in Austin  which will add 3 600 jobs over the next decade  more than doubling its workforce in the city."
"Tech behemoths gobble up big part of Nasdaq 100 " "NEW YORK A year ago  Apple had its weight in the Nasdaq 100 cut in half after having grown to where it tipped the scales at more than one-fifth of the index."
"Apple's new iPad making waves in video game market " "Apple Inc's  faster and sharper-looking new iPad is drawing the notice of the traditional video game industry  as developers are envisioning games for it that have more in common with the visceral 3D shooter ""Call of Duty"" than ""FarmVille."""
"Apple's new iPad making waves in video game market " "March 9 Apple Inc's faster and sharper-looking new iPad is drawing the notice of the traditional video game industry  as developers are envisioning games for it that have more in common with the visceral 3D shooter ""Call of Duty"" than ""FarmVille."""
"Customers pre-ordering latest iPad will have to wait " "Consumers planning to pre-order Apple Inc's  new iPad to avoid the release-day crowds at the company's retail stores will have to wait a little longer to get their hands on one of the devices."
"Customers pre-ordering latest iPad will have to wait " "March 10 Consumers planning to pre-order Apple Inc's new iPad to avoid the release-day crowds at the company's retail stores will have to wait a little longer to get their hands on one of the devices."
"Customers pre-ordering latest iPad will have to wait " "People pre-ordering Apple Inc's  new iPad to avoid the release-day crowds at the company's retail stores will have to wait longer to get their hands on the devices."
"UPDATE 1-Customers pre-ordering latest iPad will have to wait " "March 10 People pre-ordering Apple Inc's  new iPad to avoid the release-day crowds at the company's retail stores will have to wait longer to get their hands on the devices."
"Apple  Motorola held cross-licensing talks late 2011: EU " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc and Motorola Mobility held talks on a cross-licensing deal to settle smartphone patent infringement lawsuits  a move that could have benefited all of the companies that use Google's Android software  according to the European Union."
"Apple  Motorola held cross-licensing talks late 2011-EU " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 12 Apple Inc  and Motorola Mobility held talks on a cross-licensing deal to settle smartphone patent infringement lawsuits  a move that could have benefited all of the companies that use Google's Android software  according to the European Union."
"EU open to settlement with e-book publishers " "BRUSSELS EU regulators are open to a settlement with e-book publishers owned by Lagardere   News Corp  and three other firms if they offer concessions to resolve competition concerns  the EU's antitrust chief said on Monday."
"RPT-Apple's new iPad making waves in video game market " "March 9 Apple Inc's faster and sharper-looking new iPad is drawing the notice of the traditional video game industry  as developers are envisioning games for it that have more in common with the visceral 3D shooter ""Call of Duty"" than ""FarmVille."""
"UPDATE 1-EU open to settlement with e-book publishers " "* Focuses on pricing deals between e-book publishers  Apple"
"UPDATE 1-Penney taps Coach  Apple execs to push overhaul " "March 12 J.C. Penney Co Inc hired away executives from Apple Inc and Coach Inc  and promoted a number of its own executives as part of its plan to overhaul its business."
"Apple  Motorola held cross-licensing talks late 2011: EU " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc and Motorola Mobility held talks on a cross-licensing deal to settle smartphone patent infringement lawsuits  a move that could have benefited all of the companies that use Google's Android software  according to the European Union."
"FTC questions tech companies on Google practices: Bloomberg " "WASHINGTON Antitrust regulators investigating Google for potential antitrust violations have asked Apple Inc how it incorporates Google search on its iPad and iPhone  Bloomberg reported citing two people familiar with the matter."
"FTC questions tech companies on Google practices-Bloomberg " "WASHINGTON  March 13 Antitrust regulators investigating Google for potential antitrust violations have asked Apple Inc how it incorporates Google search on its iPad and iPhone  Bloomberg reported citing two people familiar with the matter."
"No display shortage seen for new iPad: Jefferies " "Supply concerns over Apple Inc's  new iPad are ""overblown""  Jefferies said in a note  adding that the company is expected to produce 12-15 million tablets this quarter."
"RIM launches keyboard for PlayBook tablet " "TORONTO  March 13 BlackBerry maker Research In Motion launched a keyboard  on Tuesday that will couple with its poor-selling PlayBook tablet  and it hopes the potential for improved productivity earns it kudos among key office workers who have embraced Apple's iPad."
"Vampire books  iPads form new UK inflation benchmark " "LONDON  March 13 Tablet computers like Apple's iPad and teenage fiction such as the popular vampire-themed ""Twilight"" series now form part of Britain's official inflation benchmark  the country's statistics agency said on Tuesday."
"Apple to sell 65.6 million iPads this year  sees record pre-orders: analysts " "Apple Inc is seeing record pre-orders for its latest iPad with wait times for shipping the tablet now reaching two to three weeks  said Canaccord Genuity analysts  who now expect the company to sell 65.6 million iPads this year."
"China Mobile growth hopes pinned on iPhone tie-up  network upgrade " "* To try and boost ARPU by upgrading network  clinch iPhone deal"
"US STOCKS-Wall St slips after rally  but Apple up again " "* Most U.S. banks pass stress tests  Citi among the 'fails'"
"Apple continues to defy gravity as stock hits $600 " "NEW YORK As Apple's stock leaps to successive highs  it is intriguing to look back every couple of weeks just to see how far the tech giant has come."
"Apple continues to defy gravity as stock hits $600 " "NEW YORK As Apple's stock leaps to successive highs  it's intriguing to look back every couple of weeks just to see how far the tech giant has come."
"Apple's 4G iPad debuts early  quietly in Australia " "SYDNEY/SANFRANCISCO Apple Inc's new iPad went on sale in Australia early on Friday  greeted by a throng of fans hoping to get hold of a 4G-ready tablet computer that won good reviews despite stopping short of being called a major innovation."
"CORRECTED-Samsung loses bid to ban iPhone  iPad sales in Netherlands " "SEOUL  March 15 Samsung Electronics Co  said on Thursday a Dutch court rejected its 3G patent bid to ban sales of Apple's iPhone and iPad in the Netherlands."
"Dozens queue to greet Apple's new iPad in Australia " "SYDNEY  March 16 Apple Inc's new iPad went on sale in Australia early on Friday  greeted by throngs of fans hungry to get hold of the U.S. consumer giant's latest  4G-ready tablet computer."
"GLOBAL MARKETS-US data boost yields; Apple rises " "* U.S. Treasury bond yields extend gains     * U.S. jobless claims back to four-year low     * Apple advances for seventh straight session      By Luciana Lopez	     NEW YORK  March 15 Treasury yields hit five-month highs on Thursday as jobs and manufacturing data showed gathering momentum in the world's biggest economy  while Apple hit the $600-per-share mark for the first time.	     U.S. stocks opened slightly higher but saw choppy trading soon after  with key indices going into ne"
"UPDATE 1-Apple continues to defy gravity as stock hits $600 " "By Angela Moon	     NEW YORK  March 15 As Apple's stock leaps to successive highs  it's intriguing to look back every couple of weeks just to see how far the tech giant has come. 	     Shares of the iPad and iPhone maker eclipsed the $600 barrier for the first time on Thursday  only about a month after topping the $500 mark for the first time.	     Just a day before Apple's new iPad becomes available in stores the stock ticked up to $600.01 at Thursday's open before selling off. The "
"UPDATE 2-China Mobile Q4 growth mild; hopes pinned on iPhone tie-up " "* To try and boost ARPU by upgrading network  clinch iPhone deal"
"UPDATE 3-Dissected iPad reveals Samsung  Qualcomm parts " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 15 Apple's  new iPad uses chips made by Qualcomm  Broadcom   Samsung Electronics and other semiconductor makers  according to a firm that cracked open one of the devices."
"US STOCKS-S&P edges toward 1 400  Apple hits new high " "NEW YORK  March 15 The S&P 500 index continued to rally toward the 1 400 level and was on course to post its best week in over a month on Thursday after data showed the U.S. economy continuing to improve."
"Apple cements tablet market lead with new iPad " "LONDON/NEW YORK Apple Inc's newest iPad looked like another hot seller on Friday as hundreds lined up at stores around the world to get their hands on the tablet  though the crowds and waiting times in some cities were less than in previous years. | Video "
"Dell sees room to challenge Apple in tablets " "LONDON A growing dissatisfaction among office workers with the clunky computers their employers force them to use  in contrast to the sleek Apple devices many have at home  could yet benefit incumbent suppliers like Dell  a top Dell executive said."
"German court delays Apple's slide-to-unlock lawsuit " "MANNHEIM  Germany A German court suspended a trial in which Apple alleged that Samsung Electronics copied the slide-to-unlock technology of its iPhone and iPad devices pending the outcome of a separate suit."
"German court delays Apple's slide-to-unlock lawsuit " "MANNHEIM  Germany  March 16 A German court suspended a trial in which Apple alleged that Samsung Electronics copied the slide-to-unlock technology of its iPhone and iPad devices pending the outcome of a separate suit."
"Radio show on Apple's Chinese workers is retracted " "March 16 The U.S. radio program ""This American Life"" has retracted an episode critical of working conditions at a Chinese factory that makes iPhones and iPads for Apple Inc  saying it had contained ""numerous fabrications."""
"UPDATE 1-German court delays Apple's slide-to-unlock lawsuit " "* Says will wait for decision from patent court in Munich"
"US STOCKS-Futures flat ahead of data on consumers  prices " "NEW YORK  March 16 U.S. stock index futures were little changed o n F riday ahead of data on consumer sentiment and after the benchmark S&P 500 index closed above 1 400 for the first time since the 2008 financial crisis."
"Wall St Week Ahead: Stocks' correction coming? Not that again " "NEW YORK  March 16 Investors are beginning to wonder if this Energizer Bunny of a rally can just keep going without taking a break or a fall."
"WRAPUP 2-Apple touches record high as iPad 3 sales run hot " "* New iPad seen as series or improvements  not major innovation"
"WRAPUP 6-Apple cements tablet market lead with new iPad " "* New iPad seen as series of improvements  not major innovation"
"Radio show on Apple's Chinese workers is retracted " "The U.S. radio program ""This American Life"" has retracted an episode critical of working conditions at a Chinese factory that makes iPhones and iPads for Apple Inc  saying it had contained ""numerous fabrications."""
"REFILE-UPDATE 2-Radio show on Apple's Chinese workers is retracted " "March 16 The U.S. radio program ""This American Life"" has retracted an episode critical of working conditions at a Chinese factory that makes iPhones and iPads for Apple Inc  saying it had contained ""numerous fabrications."""
"Apple to host call on cash balances " "Apple Inc said it would host a conference call on Monday morning to discuss the outcome of discussions about its cash balance. | Video "
"Apple to host call on cash balances " "March 18 Apple Inc said it would host a conference call at 9 a.m. EDT (1300 GMT) on Monday to discuss the outcome of discussions about its cash balance."
"Chinese writers' group sues Apple  reports state media " "BEIJING  March 18 A group of 22 Chinese authors have filed a claim against U.S. technology group Apple  alleging its App Store sells unlicenced copies of their books  Chinese state media reported on Sunday."
"Chinese writers' group sues Apple: state media " "BEIJING A group of 22 Chinese authors have filed a claim against U.S. technology group Apple  alleging its App Store sells unlicensed copies of their books  Chinese state media reported on Sunday."
"UPDATE 1-Wall St Wk Ahead: Stocks' correction coming? Not that again " "NEW YORK  March 18 Investors are beginning to wonder if this ""Energizer Bunny"" of a rally can just keep going without taking a break or a fall."
"UPDATE 2-Apple to host call on cash balances " "March 18 Apple Inc said it would host a conference call on Monday morning to discuss the outcome of discussions about its cash balance."
"Apple buoys Wall Street; Treasury debt prices fall " "NEW YORK Apple lifted U.S. stocks on Monday after it announced regular dividends and share buy-backs  while benchmark U.S. Treasury yields hit a near five-month high as investors sold safe-haven government bonds."
"Apple has sold 3 million of its new iPad since launch " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc has sold 3 million units of the new iPad since sales began on Friday  setting a first-weekend record for the iPad  which for the first time came with 4G capability."
"Apple's Cook finally shares $98 billion cache " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc CEO Tim Cook  moving swiftly after taking over from late Silicon Valley icon Steve Jobs  fulfilled a longstanding desire of investors by initiating a quarterly dividend and share buyback that will pay out $45 billion over three years. | Video "
"COLUMN: The tech siren is calling: Should you listen? " "By John Wasik	     CHICAGO  March 19 Once again the seductive siren call of technology stocks beckons investors. Especially after Apple announced a huge stock buyback Monday along with its first dividend since 1995.	     Should you follow that call  or put wax in your ears the way Odysseus's crew did when they passed the island of the seductive sirens? 	     There is always a safer course. Sure  technology share returns may be singing a pretty song right now. The S&P North American T"
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Apple buoys Wall St; Treasury debt prices fall " "* Apple says how it will spend its $98 bln cash pile     * U.S. crude oil rises $1 on Iran fears     * Euro falls  U.S. Treasuries yields at 4 1/2-month highs      By Walter Brandimarte	     NEW YORK  March 19 Apple lifted U.S. stocks on Monday after it announced regular dividends and share buy-backs  while benchmark U.S. Treasury yields hit a near five-month high as investors sold safe-haven government bonds.    	     Concerns about Iran's nuclear program added $1 to U.S. crude oil "
"How to Play It: A dividend strategy with Apple in mind " "NEW YORK Apple isn't the only prominent company that analysts have tagged as a potential source of dividend payouts. Investors can target the sweet spot of reliable income and share price gains by buying companies that are likely to initiate or increase dividends."
"How to Play It: A dividend strategy with Apple in mind " "NEW YORK  March 19 Apple isn't the only prominent company that analysts have tagged as a potential source of dividend payouts. Investors can target the sweet spot of reliable income and share price gains by buying companies that are likely to initiate or increase dividends."
"S.Korea-Market Factors to watch March 20 " "SEOUL  March 20 Following is a list of events in South Korea as well as news stories and press reports which may influence financial markets.  	 (Reuters News welcomes your feedback and for any queries  please contact the Seoul newsroom at +822 3704 5640 or via email at kr.rtrs@gmail.com)	 	     TOP STORIES  	 >S.Korea says North wants rocket for nuclear weapon   	 >Kia Motors says to suspend U.S. plant; shares drop   	 >S.Korea Feb department store sales rise 2.9 pct y/y   "
"Sprint shares fall as analyst cites bankruptcy risk " "Shares in Sprint Nextel fell 4.5 percent on Monday after an analyst report said there is an increasing risk that the No. 3 U.S. mobile provider could end up filing for bankruptcy as the debt-laden company faces tough competition and steep costs due to factors such as its iPhone deal with Apple Inc."
"UPDATE 6-Apple's Cook finally shares $98 billion cache " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 19 Apple Inc CEO Tim Cook  moving swiftly after taking over from late Silicon Valley icon Steve Jobs  fulfilled a longstanding desire of investors by initiating a quarterly dividend and share buyback that will pay out $45 billion over three years."
"Apple has sold 3 million of its new iPad since launch " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc has sold 3 million units of the new iPad since sales began on Friday  setting a first-weekend record for the iPad  which for the first time came with 4G capability."
"Apple iPad investigated for reports of excess heat " "March 20 An influential U.S. consumer watchdog is investigating online reports that Apple Inc's new iPad throws off an unusually large amount of heat  and will publish its findings later on Tuesday."
"Apple's iPad throws off much more heat: tests " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc's new iPad throws off a lot more heat than the previous version  lending weight to complaints on Internet forums that the hot-selling tablet computer could get uncomfortably warm after heavy use  an influential consumer watchdog found after running tests."
"Apple's new iPad much hotter than prior model: test " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc's  new iPad reached temperatures of 116 degrees Fahrenheit (47 Celsius) after 45 minutes of running an intense action game  or up to 13 degrees F (11 C) hotter than the previous iPad under similar conditions  according to a test run by influential reviewer Consumer Reports."
"Apple vs. Android: A courtroom war of attrition " "SAN FRANCISCO Before his death  Apple Inc's Steve Jobs famously promised to go ""thermonuclear"" against smartphones running Google's Android software  saying they use technology ripped off from the iPhone."
"CORRECTED-Apple's new iPad much hotter than prior model-test " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 20 Apple Inc's new iPad reached temperatures of 116 degrees Fahrenheit (47 Celsius) after 45 minutes of running an intense action game  or up to 13 degrees F (8 C) hotter than the previous iPad under similar conditions  according to a test run by influential reviewer Consumer Reports."
"How to Play It: A dividend strategy with Apple in mind " "NEW YORK Apple isn't the only prominent company that analysts have tagged as a potential source of dividend payouts. Investors can target the sweet spot of reliable income and share price gains by buying companies that are likely to initiate or increase dividends."
"RPT-How to Play It: A dividend strategy with Apple in mind " "NEW YORK  March 19 Apple isn't the only prominent company that analysts have tagged as a potential source of dividend payouts. Investors can target the sweet spot of reliable income and share price gains by buying companies that are likely to initiate or increase dividends."
"UPDATE 3-Apple's iPad throws off much more heat -tests " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 20 Apple Inc's new iPad throws off a lot more heat than the previous version  lending weight to complaints on Internet forums that the hot-selling tablet computer could get uncomfortably warm after heavy use  an influential consumer watchdog found after running tests."
"UPDATE 1-China Mobile chairman to retire  Xi to succeed - report " "* Challenges include attracting more 3G users  iPhone - analysts"
"Apple's new iPhone will use bigger 4.6-inch display-report " "SEOUL  March 22 Apple Inc's new iPhone will have a sharper and bigger 4.6-inch ""retina"" display and is set to be launched around the second quarter  a South Korean media reported on Thursday."
"BlackBerry maker seeks Apple-focused app developer " "TORONTO BlackBerry maker Research In Motion wants to hire a software developer with deep experience building applications for Apple's iPhone and iPad  according to a job posting on its LinkedIn page."
"BlackBerry maker seeks Apple-focused app developer " "TORONTO  March 22 BlackBerry maker Research In Motion wants to hire a software developer with deep experience building applications for Apple's iPhone and iPad  according to a job posting on its LinkedIn page."
"Foxconn International swings to 2011 net profit " "HONG KONG  March 22 Foxconn International Holdings Ltd  the world's biggest contract manufacturer of cellphones  swung to a net profit in 2011 as key clients such as Nokia Oyj and Huawei Technologies Co Ltd shifted to higher-end smartphones."
"UPDATE 1-BlackBerry maker seeks Apple-focused app developer " "TORONTO  March 22 BlackBerry maker Research In Motion wants to hire a software developer with deep experience building applications for Apple's iPhone and iPad  according to a job posting on its LinkedIn page."
"Apple's devoted shareholders get rich  and hang on " "NEW YORK When Anton Marinovich turned 18  his grandmother gave him $1 000 with strict instructions to invest in the stock market. He chose Apple Inc."
"CORRECTED-Apple's devoted shareholders get rich  and hang on " "NEW YORK  March 22 When Anton Marinovich turned 18  his grandmother gave him $1 000 with strict instructions to invest in the stock market. He chose Apple Inc."
"BATS exchange withdraws IPO after stumbles " "By Olivia Oran  Jonathan Spicer  Chuck Mikolajczak and Carrick Mollenkamp"
"FEATURE-Tough times in the U.S.-China iPad smuggling game " "SAN FRANCISCO/HONG KONG  March 25 Early on the morning of March 16  Wong Tat joined a line of about 100 people waiting for the launch of the new iPad in a chilly rain outside an Apple store on the outskirts of San Francisco."
"Tough times in the U.S.-China iPad smuggling game " "SAN FRANCISCO/HONG KONG Early on the morning of March 16  Wong Tat joined a line of about 100 people waiting for the launch of the new iPad in a chilly rain outside an Apple store on the outskirts of San Francisco."
"Apple CEO Cook meets Chinese officials " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 26 Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook met government officials in Beijing on Monday as the consumer electronics company looks to expand in the region."
"Apple's gains make some mutual funds riskier " "NEW YORK When it comes to Apple  investors could become victims of their own success."
"CORRECTED-FEATURE-Tough times in the U.S.-China iPad smuggling game " "SAN FRANCISCO/HONG KONG  March 25 Early on the morning of March 16  Wong Tat joined a line of about 100 people waiting for the launch of the new iPad in a chilly rain outside an Apple store on the outskirts of San Francisco."
"RPT-FEATURE-Tough times in the U.S.-China iPad smuggling game " "SAN FRANCISCO/HONG KONG  March 25 Early on the morning of March 16  Wong Tat joined a line of about 100 people waiting for the launch of the new iPad in a chilly rain outside an Apple store on the outskirts of San Francisco."
"Windows Phone struggles to break catch-22 as app makers hold off " "* Consumers demand apps; app makers need sales to make apps"
"Angry Birds maker buys Finnish gaming studio " "Angry Birds maker Rovio said on Tuesday it had bought Futuremark Games Studio  the gaming arm of Finnish benchmarking software firm Futuremark  for an undisclosed sum."
"Apple CEO in China mission to clear up problems " "HONG KONG/BEIJING Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook has jetted into China for talks with government officials as he seeks to clear up a pile of problems in the firm's biggest growth market  from its contested iPad trademark to treatment of local labor."
"Apple  Sony  4 others sued by Graphics Properties " "Apple Inc  Sony Corp and four other companies were sued by Graphics Properties Holdings Inc  formerly known as Silicon Graphics Inc  for allegedly infringing a patent through their sale of mobile phones and other electronic devices."
"Apple  Sony  4 others sued by Graphics Properties " "March 27 Apple Inc and five other companies were sued by Graphics Properties Holdings Inc  formerly known as Silicon Graphics Inc  for allegedly infringing a patent through their sale of mobile phones and other electronic devices."
"Australia regulator says Apple misleading consumers on iPad " "SYDNEY Apple's hot-selling new iPad hit a hurdle in Australia on Tuesday as the country's consumer affairs regulator accused the company of misleading promotions."
"New Sony CEO to keep charge of troubled TV operations " "TOKYO Sony Corp CEO Kazuo Hirai signaled his determination to turn around the group's ailing TV business by keeping direct charge of the division  as the Japanese brand fights to regain ground against rivals such as Apple."
"UPDATE 1-Australia regulator says Apple misleading consumers on iPad " "* Regulator: Australian consumers misled on iPad 4G capability"
"UPDATE 2-Apple  Sony  4 others sued by Graphics Properties " "March 27 Apple Inc  Sony Corp and four other companies were sued by Graphics Properties Holdings Inc  formerly known as Silicon Graphics Inc  for allegedly infringing a patent through their sale of mobile phones and other electronic devices."
"UPDATE 2-New Sony CEO to keep charge of troubled TV ops " "* Incoming CEO Hirai prioritising recovery of TV business"
"UPDATE 3-Apple CEO on China mission to clear up problems " "HONG KONG/BEIJING  March 27 Apple chief executive Tim Cook on Tuesday held talks with government officials in China  where development of the company's biggest potential market is clouded by issues ranging from a contested iPad trademark to treatment of local labour."
"Apple offers refund to Australian buyers of new iPad " "MELBOURNE Apple Inc will email all buyers of its new iPad in Australia to offer them a refund  a lawyer for the company said on Wednesday  after the nation's consumer watchdog accused it of misleading advertising over one key aspect of the product."
"Apple to offer refund to all Australian buyers of new iPad " "MELBOURNE  March 28 Apple Inc will email all Australian buyers of its new iPad to offer them a refund  a lawyer for the company said on Wednesday  after the nation's consumer watchdog accused it of misleading advertising over one key aspect of the product."
"Apple TV beckons as jackpot in Hon Hai's Sharp gamble " "TAIPEI It promises to revolutionize television in the way the iPad did computing  and the chance to make Apple Inc's much-anticipated smart TV could explain Taiwan's Hon Hai Precision Industry's bold move to buy into 100-year-old Japanese firm Sharp ."
"Apple TV beckons as jackpot in Hon Hai's Sharp gamble " "TAIPEI  March 28 It promises to revolutionise television in the way the iPad did computing  and the chance to make Apple Inc's much-anticipated smart TV could explain Taiwan's Hon Hai Precision Industry's bold move to buy into 100-year-old Japanese firm Sharp."
"China to Apple's Cook: we will boost intellectual property rights:  Xinhua " "BEIJING China's vice premier promised Apple  Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook that the country would boost intellectual property protection  state media said on Wednesday  in Cook's second day of meetings in the company's biggest potential market."
"China to Apple's Cook: we will boost intellectual property rights - Xinhua " "BEIJING  March 28 China's vice premier promised Apple Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook that the country would boost intellectual property protection  state media said on Wednesday  in Cook's second day of meetings in the company's biggest potential market."
"China to boost intellectual property rights: Xinhua " "BEIJING China's vice premier promised Apple Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook that the country would boost intellectual property protection  state media said on Wednesday  in Cook's second day of meetings in the company's biggest potential market."
"Seoul shares set to edge down  Apple may support techs " "SEOUL  March 29 South Korean shares could tread water above the 2 000 level on Thursday  weighed down by losses in U.S. markets following weaker-than-expected U.S. durable goods data although tech shares may find support from more gains in Apple Inc.	     ""Lacklustre U.S. economic data and murmurs over Spain may drag shares slightly lower  but we are still stuck in a lull from a broader perspective with no momentum going in any direction "" said Kim Seung-han  an analyst at HI Investm"
"UPDATE 2-Apple offers refund to Australian buyers of new iPad " "MELBOURNE  March 28 Apple Inc will email all buyers of its new iPad in Australia to offer them a refund  a lawyer for the company said on Wednesday  after the nation's consumer watchdog accused it of misleading advertising over one key aspect of the product."
"UPDATE 4-Nokia seeks to retake China market share " "BEIJING/HELSINKI  March 28 Nokia will start to sell smartphones using Microsoft software in China from April  seeking to claw back market share gobbled up by Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co."
"Apple CEO visits Foxconn's iPhone plant in China " "SHANGHAI Apple Inc's Tim Cook  on his first trip to China as the chief executive officer  has visited an iPhone production plant run by the Foxconn Technology Group  which is being accused of improper labor practices."
"Apple CEO visits Foxconn's iPhone plant in China " "SHANGHAI  March 29 Apple Inc's Tim Cook  on his first trip to China as the chief executive officer  has visited an iPhone production plant run by the Foxconn Technology Group  which is being accused of improper labour practices."
"Apple  Foxconn revamp China work conditions " "SAN FRANCISCO In a landmark development for the way Western companies do business in China  Apple Inc said on Thursday it had agreed to work with partner Foxconn to tackle wage and working condition violations at the factories that produce its popular products. | Video "
"Apple  Foxconn vow wide revamp of worker conditions " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 29 In a landmark development for the way Western companies do business in China  Apple Inc said Thursday it had agreed to work with partner Foxconn to substantially improve wages and working conditions at the factories that produce its wildly popular products."
"Foxconn raises bar on U.S. firms in China: auditor " "SAN FRANCISCO A month-long investigation by the Fair Labor Association covering three Chinese factories run by Apple Inc's main contract manufacturer  Foxconn  revealed a host of issues from excessive overtime to problems with overtime compensation."
"Instant View: Apple  Foxconn promise better working conditions " "Apple Inc has agreed to work with partner Foxconn to improve wages and working conditions at the Chinese factories that produce its popular electronics products."
"PRESS DIGEST - Financial Times - March 29 " "The battle between Nokia and Apple over the design of future miniature Sim cards for mobile phones has escalated  with the Finnish group threatening to withhold essential technology for Apple's template  impeding the rival proposal."
"Q&A-Apple-Foxconn raises bar on U.S. firms in China-auditor " "By Poornima Gupta	     SAN FRANCISCO  March 29 A month-long investigation by the Fair Labor Association covering three Chinese factories run by Apple Inc's main contract manufacturer  Foxconn  revealed a host of issues from excessive overtime to problems with overtime compensation. 	     The D.C-based non-profit group has been conducting its probe at Foxconn facilities in Guanlan  Longhua  and Chengdu in China since February after Apple joined the group this year. The world's most va"
"UPDATE 2-Apple  Foxconn revamp China work conditions " "* If commitments kept  sets new bar for Western cos in China"
"Apple  Foxconn set new standard for Chinese workers " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc and its main contract manufacturing Foxconn agreed to tackle violations of conditions among the 1.2 million workers assembling iPhones and iPads in a landmark decision that could change the way Western companies do business in China."
"Apple  Foxconn set new standard for Chinese workers " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc and its main contract manufacturing Foxconn agreed to tackle violations of conditions among the 1.2 million workers assembling iPhones and iPads in a landmark decision that could change the way Western companies do business in China. | Video "
"Apple labor plan to ripple through China factories " "SAN FRANCISCO Apparel makers  toy companies and other manufacturers wrestling with rising wages in China now face new pressures after Apple Inc and main production partner Foxconn agreed to improve worker conditions at plants making its iPhones and other gadgets."
"Apple labor plan to ripple through China factories " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 29 Apparel makers  toy companies and other manufacturers wrestling with rising wages in China now face new pressures after Apple Inc and main production partner Foxconn agreed to improve worker conditions at plants making its iPhones and other gadgets."
"E-books settlement talks advancing -sources " "WASHINGTON  March 30 The Justice Department could reach a settlement in the next few weeks with Apple Inc  and some of the major publishers suspected of colluding to push up electronic book prices  according to two people close to the negotiations."
"EU's Almunia: may probe Motorola  Apple  Microsoft dispute " "BRUSSELS EU antitrust regulators may open an investigation into a patent dispute between Apple Inc   Microsoft Corp  and Motorola Mobility Holdings Inc  to ensure patent holders do not thwart rivals  the EU's antitrust chief said on Friday."
"EU's Almunia: may probe Motorola  Apple  Microsoft dispute " "BRUSSELS  March 30 EU antitrust regulators may open an investigation into a patent dispute between Apple Inc   Microsoft Corp and Motorola Mobility Holdings Inc to ensure patent holders do not thwart rivals  the EU's antitrust chief said on Friday."
"UPDATE 5-Apple  Foxconn set new standard for Chinese workers " "* If commitments kept  sets new bar for Western firms in China"
"Apple's iPad tops Consumer Reports' list despite heat issue " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc's new iPad topped Consumer Reports' list of tablets despite the influential watchdog's having earlier stoked doubts about the latest iteration of the best-selling tablet by saying it threw off more heat when used heavily."
"Apple's iPad tops Consumer Reports' list despite heat issue " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc's new iPad topped Consumer Reports' list of tablets despite the influential watchdog stoking doubts two weeks ago by saying the latest iteration of the best-selling tablet threw off more heat when used heavily."
"Apple's iPad tops Consumer Reports' list despite heat issue " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 2 Apple Inc's new iPad topped Consumer Reports' list of tablets despite the influential watchdog stoking doubts two weeks ago by saying the latest iteration of the best-selling tablet threw off more heat when used heavily."
"UPDATE 1-Apple's iPad tops Consumer Reports' list despite heat issue " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 2 Apple Inc's new iPad topped Consumer Reports' list of tablets despite the influential watchdog's having earlier stoked doubts about the latest iteration of the best-selling tablet by saying it threw off more heat when used heavily."
"Apple-mania spreads  Piper Jaffray sees $1 000 stock " "SAN FRANCISCO/NEW YORK Apple Inc shares set a record high on Tuesday after Piper Jaffray supported Topeka Capital Market's assertion that the stock should breach $1 000 in a year or two  propelled by emerging markets growth and new products that could include a revolutionary TV set."
"Apple's iPad tops Consumer Reports' list despite heat issue " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc's new iPad topped Consumer Reports' list of tablets despite the influential watchdog's having earlier stoked doubts about the latest iteration of the best-selling tablet by saying it threw off more heat when used heavily."
"Dividend increases hit record $24.2 bln in 1st qtr " "NEW YORK  April 3 Boring has become beautiful."
"EU probes Motorola after Microsoft  Apple complaints " "BRUSSELS  April 3 EU antitrust regulators opened two investigations on Tuesday into Motorola Mobility  after Microsoft and Apple accused the company of setting unfair fees for use of its patents in their products."
"EU probes Motorola after Microsoft  Apple complaints " "BRUSSELS EU regulators are investigating whether phone maker Motorola Mobility  breached antitrust rules by allegedly over-charging Microsoft  and Apple  for use of its patents in their products  the European Commission said on Tuesday."
"UPDATE 1-EU probes Motorola after Microsoft  Apple complaints " "* EU Commission to probe if Motorola sets unfair fees for its patents"
"UPDATE 1-RIM launches software to accommodate Apple users " "TORONTO  April 3 Research In Motion on Tuesday launched software t hat enables it s large ""enterprise"" customers to manage Apple and other rival devices through the same servers as they use for the BlackBerry smartphone and Playbook tablet."
"Analysis: Low cost era over for China's workshops to the world " "TAIPEI Foxconn Technology's agreement to improve the lot of its 1.2 million workers in China who make Apple Inc's iPads and iPhones is a signal that China is losing its title as the world's lowest-cost producer of everything."
"Court picks terms in Apple/Samsung patent case " "SAN FRANCISCO A U.S. judge largely sided with Apple on Wednesday over how several technical terms will be defined in its patent fight against Samsung over smartphones and tablets."
"US court picks terms in Apple/Samsung patent case " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 4 A U.S. judge largely sided with Apple on Wednesday over how several technical terms will be defined in its patent fight against Samsung over smartphones and tablets."
"Apple  two publishers hold out against settlement: report " "Apple Inc and publishers Pearson and Macmillan are reluctant to agree to terms sought by U.S. and European antitrust authorities investigating possible electronic-book price-fixing  the Wall Street Journal cited sources as saying on Wednesday."
"Apple  two publishers hold out against settlement-report " "April 4 Apple Inc and publishers Pearson and Macmillan are reluctant to agree to terms sought by U.S. and European antitrust authorities investigating possible electronic-book price-fixing  the Wall Street Journal cited sources as saying on Wednesday."
"Samsung posts record first quarter profit on smartphone boom " "Samsung Electronics  the world's top technology firm by revenue  posted record quarterly profits of $5.15 billion on booming sales of its Galaxy smartphones and the Note  a mini-tablet and phone."
"UPDATE 1-Samsung posts record Q1 profit on smartphone boom " "* Estimates Q1 op profit at 5.8 trln won vs 5.0 trln fcast"
"What it costs to fix iPhones and iPads " "While a drop or near-drowning episode may not be quite fatal for an iPhone or iPad  the cost of repair may be so prohibitive that buying a new device may seem a better option."
"YOUR MONEY: What it costs to fix iPhones and iPads " "April 5 While a drop or near-drowning episode may not be quite fatal for an iPhone or iPad  the cost of repair may be so prohibitive that buying a new device may seem a better option."
"HTC Q1 net tumbles  but March sales uptick a positive " "TAIPEI Taiwanese smartphone maker HTC Corp  reported a 70 percent tumble in net profit in the first quarter  just below forecasts  in a lean period for the company ahead of its new One series of models that are set to hit the market this month."
"Insight - Young Chinese workers seek end to ""eating bitterness"" " "ZHENGZHOU  China In the eight years since Zhang Shuxiang first left her village in the poor interior of central China  she worked in 20 factories before coming to the assembly line of a Foxconn plant making products for tech firms including Apple. She wants it to be her last."
"Insight: Young Chinese workers seek end to ""eating bitterness"" " "ZHENGZHOU  China In the eight years since Zhang Shuxiang first left her village in the poor interior of central China  she worked in 20 factories before coming to the assembly line of a Foxconn plant making products for tech firms including Apple. She wants it to be her last."
"Samsung hits a high Note  posts record quarterly profit " "SEOUL Samsung Electronics posted record quarterly profit of $5.15 billion  driven by booming sales of its smartphones and the Galaxy Note 'phablet'  which it hopes will show it has a flair for innovation to match rival Apple Inc."
"UPDATE 1-HTC Q1 net tumbles  but March sales uptick a positive " "TAIPEI  April 6 Taiwanese smartphone maker HTC Corp reported a 70 percent tumble in net profit in the first quarter  just below forecasts  in a lean period for the company ahead of its new One series of models that are set to hit the market this month."
"UPDATE 2-US court wary of Apple request to block Samsung " "WASHINGTON  April 6 A U.S. appeals court on Friday showed few signs that it was prepared to support a request by Apple Inc to block immediately the sale of some Samsung Electronics smartphones and tablets."
"UPDATE 4-Samsung hits a high Note  posts record qtly profit " "* Estimates Q1 op profit at 5.8 trln won vs 5.0 trln fcast"
"US court hears Apple request to pull Samsung devices " "WASHINGTON  April 6 A U.S. appeals court on Friday showed few signs it was prepared to support a request by Apple Inc to block immediately the sale of some Samsung Electronics smartphones and tablets."
"U.S. court wary of Apple request to block Samsung " "WASHINGTON A U.S. appeals court on Friday showed few signs that it was prepared to support a request by Apple Inc to block immediately the sale of some Samsung Electronics smartphones and tablets."
"What it costs to fix iPhones and iPads " "While a drop or near-drowning episode may not be quite fatal for an iPhone or iPad  the cost of repair may be so prohibitive that buying a new device may seem a better option."
"UK probes Apple iPad marketing over 4G access " "LONDON  April 7 Britain's advertising regulator is deciding whether to launch an inquiry into Apple Inc's  marketing of its latest iPad following what some customers said were misleading claims about access to 4G  which is not available in the country."
"UK probes Apple iPad marketing over 4G access " "LONDON Britain's advertising regulator is deciding whether to launch an inquiry into Apple Inc's marketing of its latest iPad following what some customers said were misleading claims about access to 4G  which is not available in the country."
"Android beats Apple in China mobile platform race-report " "SHANGHAI  April 10 Google Inc's Android mobile operating system (OS) was the top smartphone platform in China last year  growing its market share by about 35 percent in the world's largest market for mobile phones  a Chinese technology research firm said."
"Android beats Apple in China mobile platform race: report " "SHANGHAI Google Inc's Android mobile operating system (OS) was the top smartphone platform in China last year  growing its market share by about 35 percent in the world's largest market for mobile phones  a Chinese technology research firm said."
"DOJ may sue Apple over ebooks early as Wednesday: sources " "WASHINGTON/SAN FRANCISCO The Justice Department could sue Apple Inc as early as Wednesday over alleged electronic book price-fixing  while settling with several publishers as early as this week  two people familiar with the matter said."
"DOJ may sue Apple over ebooks early as Wed-sources " "WASHINGTON/SAN FRANCISCO  April 10 The Justice Department could sue Apple Inc as early as Wednesday over alleged electronic book price-fixing  while settling with several publishers as early as this week  two people familiar with the matter said."
"Microsoft to stay distant No 3 in tablets -Gartner " "April 10 Microsoft's push into the tablet industry will see only limited success  with the U.S. software maker remaining a distant No 3 after Apple and Google  research firm Gartner said on Tuesday."
"Tablet boom waiting for corporate wave " "When John Sperling  91-year old chairman of Apollo Group Inc   calls into meetings at the education company he founded  he opens an iPad app Fuze instead of video conferencing gear installed at his home."
"Taiwan's Hon Hai March sales up nearly 30 pct y/y " "TAIPEI  April 10 Taiwanese group Hon Hai Precision Industry  the main manufacturer of Apple  products  said on Tuesday that unconsolidated sales rose 29.7 percent in March from the same period a year earlier."
"UPDATE 1-Microsoft to struggle vs Apple  Google in tablets " "* Gartner sees 2012 tablet sales up 98 pct at 119 mln units"
"BBH Core Select fund picks Microsoft over Apple " "Brown Brothers Harriman (BBH) Core Select Fund prefers technology companies like Microsoft Corp  which sell mostly to businesses and have a stable customer base  to companies that depend on consumer demand  such as Apple Inc."
"EU receives proposals to close e-book probe " "BRUSSELS Apple Inc. and four international publishers have sent proposals to the European Commission to try to solve an e-books anti-trust case  a Commission statement said on Wednesday."
"Stern Advice: Apple is bigger than my brain " "WASHINGTON  April 11 By various accounts  Apple Inc. is now bigger than Spain  Portugal and Greece (combined)  or the entire retail sector of the U.S. economy  or 13 Warren Buffetts. What are we to think about that?"
"Stern Advice: Apple is bigger than my brain " "WASHINGTON By various accounts  Apple Inc. is now bigger than Spain  Portugal and Greece (combined)  or the entire retail sector of the U.S. economy  or 13 Warren Buffetts. What are we to think about that?"
"UPDATE 1-EU receives proposals to close e-book probe " "BRUSSELS  April 11 Apple Inc. and four international publishers have sent proposals to the European Commission to try to solve an e-books anti-trust case  a Commission statement said on Wednesday."
"UPDATE 2-Roche calls offer for Illumina ""starting point"" " "* Roche urges Illumina shareholders to back its proposals"
"UPDATE 4-U.S. sues Apple  publishers in e-book price scheme " "* DOJ: Apple  publishers joined to fight Amazon discounts"
"U.S. says intellectual property supports 40 million jobs " "WASHINGTON U.S. movie studios  drug manufacturers and other companies that depend heavily on copyrights  patents and trademarks to protect their creative works support 40 million jobs  or about 28 percent of the U.S. workforce  a U.S. report said on Wednesday."
"U.S. sues Apple  publishers in e-book price scheme " "WASHINGTON/SAN FRANCISCO The U.S. government sued Apple Inc and five publishers  saying they conspired to fix the prices of electronic books  and reached a settlement with three of the publishers that could lead to cheaper e-books for consumers."
"US to pursue vigorously antitrust case against Apple " "WASHINGTON  April 11 The U.S. Justice Department will ""pursue vigorously"" its antitrust lawsuit against Apple and two publishing houses over allegations that they conspired to fix prices for electronic books  the head of the agency's antitrust division  Sharis Pozen  said on Thursday."
"Apple works on Mac malware fix but takes heat " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 11 The cybersecurity community raked Apple Inc over the coals on Wednesday  saying the company had dragged its heels on eradicating malware that experts say may have infected up to 600 000 Macintosh computers and can be used to ferret out sensitive user information."
"Apple works on Mac malware fix but takes heat " "SAN FRANCISCO The cybersecurity community raked Apple Inc over the coals on Wednesday  saying the company had dragged its heels on eradicating malware that experts say may have infected up to 600 000 Macintosh computers and can be used to ferret out sensitive user information."
"Barnes & Noble unveils glow-in-the-dark Nook " "NEW YORK  April 12 U.S. book retailer Barnes & Noble Inc debuted an e-reader o n T hursday with a screen that can glow in the dark  a move aimed at improving its position against Amazon.com."
"Barnes & Noble unveils glow-in-the-dark Nook " "NEW YORK Book retailer Barnes & Noble Inc debuted an e-reader on Thursday with a screen that can glow in the dark  a move aimed at improving its position against Amazon.com."
"Apple rejects e-book pricing collusion charge " "Apple Inc has rejected the U.S. Justice Department's allegations that it colluded with publishers over electronic book pricing  calling the charges ""simply not true."""
"Apple rejects e-book pricing collusion charge " "Apple Inc has rejected the U.S. Justice Department's allegations that it colluded with publishers over electronic book pricing  calling the charges ""simply not true."" | Video "
"Apple rejects e-book pricing collusion charge: WSJ " "Apple has rejected the U.S. Justice Department's allegations that it colluded with publishers over electronic book pricing  calling the charges ""simply not true""  the Wall Street Journal reported."
"Apple rejects e-book pricing collusion charge - WSJ " "April 12 Apple has rejected the U.S. Justice Department's allegations that it colluded with publishers over electronic book pricing  calling the charges ""simply not true""  the Wall Street Journal reported."
"German court upholds ban on Apple ""push"" email " "FRANKFURT A German court on Friday upheld a ban on ""push"" emails in Apple's iCloud and MobileMe services in Germany  ruling in favor of rival Motorola Mobility."
"German court upholds ban on Apple ""push"" email " "FRANKFURT  April 13 A German court on Friday upheld a ban on ""push"" emails in Apple's iCloud and MobileMe services in Germany  ruling in favour of rival Motorola Mobility."
"Sony shares drop 3 pct after turnaround plan " "TOKYO  April 13 Shares of Sony Corp  dropped more than 3 percent on Friday after new CEO Kazuo Hirai mapped out a revival plan to return the consumer electronics maker to profit and compete better with rivals Apple  and Samsung Electronics."
"UPDATE 1-Apple rejects e-book pricing collusion charge " "April 13 Apple Inc has rejected the U.S. Justice Department's allegations that it colluded with publishers over electronic book pricing  calling the charges ""simply not true."""
"Nokia says fixed flagship smartphone software bug " "HELSINKI  April 14 Nokia said on Saturday it has fixed a software bug in its Lumia 900 smartphones which went on sale a week ago in the United States  its answer to Apple's iPhone."
"Nokia says fixed flagship smartphone software bug " "HELSINKI Nokia  said on Saturday it has fixed a software bug in its Lumia 900 smartphones which went on sale a week ago in the United States  its answer to Apple's  iPhone."
"US STOCKS-Dow gains on retail sales but Apple bites Nasdaq " "NEW YORK  April 16 The Dow rose on Monday as robust U.S. retail sales data helped large-cap consumer stocks  but a 4 percent slide in Apple hurt the Nasdaq."
"US STOCKS-Retail sales buoy stocks but Apple weighs on Nasdaq " "* U.S. March retail sales jump  but NY factory growth slows"
"CORRECTED-US judge sends Apple  Samsung to settlement talks " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 17 A U.S. judge directed the chief executives for Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd to participate in settlement talks to try to resolve an ongoing patent lawsuit over smartphone and tablet technology  according to a court filing on Tuesday."
"Mobile operators unconvinced by Nokia's revival bid " "Nokia's bid to challenge the dominance of Apple's iPhone and Google's Android has failed to convince telecom operators in Europe  depriving it of powerful allies in its fight to regain the top spot in the mobile market."
"Mobile operators unconvinced by Nokia's revival bid " "* Some telcos unwilling to spend on ads  subsidies for Nokia"
"Oracle pondered buying RIM  Palm in phone move-CEO " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 17 Oracle Corp  Chief Executive Larry Ellison said the software maker had considered building its own smartphone to compete with Apple Inc  and Google Inc  but decided it was a ""bad idea"" after a weeks-long cost and market analysis."
"UPDATE 1-US judge sends Apple  Samsung to settlement talks " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 17 Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd agreed that their chief executives would participate in settlement talks to try to resolve a patent lawsuit over smartphone and tablet technology  according to a court filing."
"UPDATE 4-Mobile operators unconvinced by Nokia's revival bid " "* Some telcos unwilling to spend on ads  subsidies for Nokia"
"US judge sends Apple  Samsung to settlement talks " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd agreed that their chief executives would participate in settlement talks to try to resolve a patent lawsuit over smartphone and tablet technology  according to a court filing."
"Analysis: Apple results loom large for tech - and the market " "NEW YORK When Apple's shares fall  is Wall Street's entire performance at risk?"
"Apple investors brace for more turbulence " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc's results will be dissected more closely than ever next week  after a share swoon raised concerns on Wall Street that the stock's gravity-defying rally may be losing steam."
"Apple wants trial on e-book price-fixing: lawyer " "NEW YORK Apple Inc wants to go to trial to defend itself against U.S. government allegations that it conspired with publishers to raise prices of electronic books  a lawyer for the Silicon Valley giant said in court on Wednesday."
"Apple wants trial on e-book price-fixing -lawyer " "NEW YORK  April 18 Apple Inc wants to go to trial to defend itself against U.S. government allegations that it conspired with publishers to raise prices of electronic books  a lawyer for the Silicon Valley giant said in court on W edn esday."
"Seoul shares rise above key 2 000 mark as Spain fears ease " "* Spanish debt demand firm  IMF bailout expansion eyed     * Shipyards lead  tech shares rebound after profit-taking     * OCI up 4.7 pct as First Solar cutback eases oversupply      By Joonhee Yu	     SEOUL  April 18 Seoul shares rose on Wednesday to close back above the psychologically important 2 000 point level after strong demand at a Spanish debt auction calmed worries over the euro zone's financial health and rejuvenated risk appetite.	     Samsung Electronics and other techno"
"U.S. judge sends Apple  Samsung to settlement talks " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd agreed that their chief executives would participate in settlement talks to try to resolve a patent lawsuit over smartphone and tablet technology  according to a court filing."
"Analysis: Apple results loom large for tech - and the market " "NEW YORK When Apple's shares fall  is Wall Street's entire performance at risk?"
"Apple  Google fail to dismiss poaching lawsuit " "April 19 Apple Inc  Google Inc   Intel Corp and four other technology companies were ordered by a judge to face an antitrust lawsuit claiming they illegally agreed not to poach each other's employees."
"Apple  Google  Intel fail to dismiss staff-poaching lawsuit " "Apple Inc  Google Inc  Intel Corp and four other technology companies were ordered by a judge to face an antitrust lawsuit claiming they illegally conspired not to poach each other's employees."
"Microsoft beats Street profit view  shares up " "Microsoft Corp beat Wall Street's profit forecast as personal computer sales held up better than expected  lifting its shares 2.5 percent after hours."
"UPDATE 1-Apple  Google  Intel fail to end poaching lawsuit " "* Seven tech firms said to have conspired not to recruit workers"
"Verizon eyes Microsoft push  Windows phones for holidays " "NEW YORK  April 19 Verizon Wireless plans to put its marketing weight behind Microsoft Corp's next mobile phone software to help develop a strong competitor to Apple Inc and Google Inc  according to the chief financial officer of Verizon Communications."
"Verizon eyes Microsoft push  Windows phones for holidays " "NEW YORK Verizon Wireless plans to put its marketing weight behind Microsoft Corp's next mobile phone software to help develop a strong competitor to Apple Inc and Google Inc  according to the chief financial officer of Verizon Communications."
"Verizon eyes Microsoft push  Windows phones for holidays " "NEW YORK Verizon Wireless plans to put its marketing weight behind Microsoft Corp's next mobile phone software to help develop a strong competitor to Apple Inc and Google Inc  according to the chief financial officer of Verizon Communications."
"COLUMN-Five cautions for Apple stock enthusiasts " "CHICAGO  April 23 As Apple announces its 2012 second fiscal quarter earnings on Tuesday  some analysts think the stock price could hit $1 000 and the company reach $1 trillion in market capitalization. I have no idea where Apple's price is going or what's in its secretive product pipeline  but I suspect that even with strong recent earnings  it will eventually fall from the tree it's on now."
"Five cautions for Apple stock enthusiasts " "CHICAGO As Apple announces its 2012 second fiscal quarter earnings on Tuesday  some analysts think the stock price could hit $1 000 and the company reach $1 trillion in market capitalization. I have no idea where Apple's price is going or what's in its secretive product pipeline  but I suspect that even with strong recent earnings  it will eventually fall from the tree it's on now."
"Options market sees big earnings move for Apple " "NEW YORK The wild ride in Apple shares this year could get even more interesting when the company reports quarterly results after the bell on Tuesday."
"Apple crushes Street targets  dispels iPhone fears " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc's quarterly results beat Wall Street estimates on stronger-than-expected demand for the iPhone  especially in the greater China region where sales jumped five-fold."
"Apple infringes on Motorola Mobility patent: ITC judge " "WASHINGTON Apple Inc infringed on a Motorola Mobility Holdings Inc patent in making its popular iPhones  iPads and other products  a judge for the International Trade Commission ruled on Tuesday."
"Nikkei set to gain on U.S. results  caution persists " "TOKYO  April 25 Japan's Nikkei share average is set to rise on Wednesday after a run of strong U.S. corporate results  including earnings from Apple Inc  but any gains were likely to be capped ahead of key central bank meetings this week.	     Market players said the Nikkei was likely to trade between 9 500 to 9 600 on Wednesday after Nikkei futures in Chicago closed at 9 530  up 50 points or 0.5 percent  from the Osaka close of 9 480.	     ""Wall Street's performance was mediocre but"
"Seoul shares seen nudging up on U.S. earnings  outlook " "SEOUL  April 25 Seoul shares are seen rising on Wednesday after slumping to a three-month closing low in the prior session  tracking Wall Street gains backed by strong corporate earnings and upbeat forecasts from large U.S. manufacturers.	     ""A lot of earnings are due this week from blue-chip technology and auto companies so there will be some sector-driven momentum  but we may need to wait until at least May for concerns about the euro zone's debt issues and a U.S. slowdown to sub"
"UPDATE 2-Apple infringes on Motorola Mobility patent-ITC judge " "WASHINGTON  April 24 Apple Inc  infringed on a Motorola Mobility Holdings Inc patent in making its popular iPhones  iPads and other products  a judge for the International Trade Commission ruled on Tuesday."
"UPDATE 4-AT&T profit up  helped by iPhone sales drop " "NEW YORK  April 24 AT&T Inc reported a higher-than-expected quarterly profit on Tuesday  sending its stock up as much as 4 percent  as a decline in iPhone sales reduced the amount of cash it had to pay Apple Inc and boosted its margins."
"US STOCKS-Dow  S&P climb on earnings  Apple bruises Nasdaq " "NEW YORK  April 24 The Dow and the S&P 500 rose on Tuesday after strong earnings and upbeat outlooks from big manufacturers like 3M Co  but Apple's slide ahead of its results drove the Nasdaq down."
"US STOCKS-Dow  S&P rise on earnings  Apple jumps late " "* Apple off in regular trade  but up after bell on revenues"
"US STOCKS-Dow  S&P up on earnings  Apple hits Nasdaq " "NEW YORK  April 24 The Dow and the S&P 500 rose on Tuesday after strong earnings from big manufacturers and AT&T  but the Nasdaq fell with Apple and other large-cap tech companies."
"ADR REPORT-Earnings lift foreign shares for second day " "NEW YORK  April 25 U.S.-listed shares of foreign companies rose o n W ednesday as blowout results from Apple lifted sentiment and shifted focus to strong corporate earnings world wide."
"Apple growth hinges on China  new devices " "SAN FRANCISCO Sometimes even eye-popping results are not enough."
"CANADA STOCKS-Apple  Fed talk fuel TSX rally " "* TSX ends up 130.96 pts  or 1.1 pct  to 12 111.06     * Materials  financials  energy shares rise     * Risk sentiment up on Apple earnings  U.S. Fed     * Rogers Communications earnings weigh      By Claire Sibonney	     TORONTO  April 25 Canada's main stock index ended sharply higher on Wednesday  as Apple Inc's blowout earnings boosted investor confidence  while the U.S. Federal Reserve reiterated its expectation that interest rates would not rise until late 2014 at the earliest."
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Shares rise on Apple  Bernanke's comments " "NEW YORK  April 25 Global shares jumped on W ednesday after stellar earnings from Apple Inc bolstered optimism over corporate earnings and Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke said the central bank was prepared to do more to aid the U.S. economy if necessary."
"Global shares rise on Apple  Bernanke's comments " "NEW YORK Global shares jumped on Wednesday after stellar earnings from Apple Inc bolstered optimism over corporate earnings and Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke said the central bank was prepared to do more to aid the U.S. economy if necessary."
"Seoul shares seen up  look to snap 5-day skid " "SEOUL  April 26 Seoul shares are seen gaining on Thursday  poised to break a five-day losing spell after global stocks rallied on the back of stellar earnings from Apple Inc and Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke said further easing measures were still in the cards.	     ""Good news all around but shares won't exactly be set alight as some of the momentum from Apple's earnings surprise was already priced in on Wednesday  and Ben Bernanke's comments were quite neutral despite leavin"
"US STOCKS-Wall St jumps on Apple's results  Fed reassurance " "NEW YORK  April 25 U.S. stocks rallied on Wednesday  with Apple's surge giving the  Nasdaq its biggest gain of the year  while the Fed chairman reassured markets that the central bank would do more if necessary to lift the economy."
"US STOCKS-Wall St pops on Apple's results  Fed's reassurance " "* Apple at session high scores best daily gain in 3 years"
"Wall Street pops on Apple's results  Fed's reassurance " "NEW YORK Stocks rallied on Wednesday  with Apple's surge giving the Nasdaq its biggest gain of the year  while the Fed chairman reassured markets that the central bank would do more if necessary to lift the economy. | Video "
"WRAPUP 3-Apple growth hinges on China  new devices " "* Skeptics muted but not silenced     * Apple tags on $50 billion in market cap in a day     * China to keep Apple machine humming       By Poornima Gupta	     SAN FRANCISCO  April 25 Sometimes even eye-popping results are not enough. 	     Apple Inc's O> shares may have risen 9 percent on Wednesday on the back of another spectacular quarter that included soaring iPhone sales in China  but the naysayers are still asking if the most valuable American company might need yet another "
"After Apple  Amazon  too  may be in for wild ride " "Analysts may be optimistic about Amazon.com's growth prospects  but with this week's blowout earnings from Apple and Amazon's own lofty share price to live up to  some traders are starting to hedge their bets."
"After Apple  Amazon  too  may be in for wild ride " "NEW YORK  April 26 Analysts may be optimistic about Amazon.com's growth prospects  but with this week's blowout earnings from Apple  and Amazon's own lofty share price to live up to  some traders are starting to hedge their bets."
"Apple's growth hinges on China  new devices " "SAN FRANCISCO Sometimes even eye-popping results are not enough."
"Samsung posts record $5.15 billion profit; mobile sales surge " "SEOUL Samsung Electronics Co  the world's top technology firm by revenue  reported a record quarterly profit on Friday  as its Galaxy smartphones and Note phone/tablet helped it win market share from Nokia and as it outmuscled Japanese rivals in TVs and memory chips."
"Samsung says new Galaxy phone to use its quad-core processor " "SEOUL  April 26 Samsung Electronics Co  said on Thursday it would mass-produce its faster  energy-saving quad-core mobile microprocessor to power the third generation of its flagship Galaxy S smartphone  due to be unveiled next week."
"Samsung says new Galaxy phone to use its quad-core processor " "SEOUL Samsung Electronics Co said on Thursday it would mass-produce its faster  energy-saving quad-core mobile microprocessor to power the third generation of its flagship Galaxy S smartphone  due to be unveiled next week."
"Smartphones to lift Samsung to record $5 bln profit " "* Samsung has forecast Q1 operating profit of 5.6-6.0 trln won"
"UPDATE 1-J.C. Penney lures another executive from Apple " "April 26 J.C. Penney Co Inc said on Thursday it has hired the man who led the design team behind Apple Inc's sleek  well regarded outlets  the latest executive the U.S. department store chain has lured from the maker of the iPad and iPhone."
"UPDATE 2-After Apple  Amazon  too  may be in for wild ride " "April 26 Analysts may be optimistic about Amazon.com's growth prospects  but with this week's blowout earnings from Apple and Amazon's own lofty share price to live up to  some traders are starting to hedge their bets."
"WRAPUP 4-Apple's growth hinges on China  new devices " "* Skeptics muted but not silenced     * Apple tags on $50 billion in market cap in a day     * China to keep Apple machine humming       By Poornima Gupta	     SAN FRANCISCO  April 25 Sometimes even eye-popping results are not enough. 	     Apple Inc's shares rallied on Wednesday on the back of another spectacular quarter that included soaring iPhone sales in China  but the naysayers are still asking if the most valuable American company might need yet another revolutionary product i"
"Apple courts EPIX for upcoming TV: sources " "LOS ANGELES Apple Inc began talks earlier this year to stream films owned by EPIX  which is backed by three major movie studios  on devices including a long-anticipated TV  according to two people with knowledge of the negotiations."
"Apple sales rocket in China  but growth may slow " "HONG KONG Apple Inc is likely to see its sales growth nearly double in greater China this year  but the pace will probably taper thereafter as competitors hit back with new products in the biggest global mobile phone market."
"Galaxy phones power Samsung to record $5.2 billion profit " "SEOUL Samsung Electronics made a record $5.2 billion profit in the first quarter  overhauling Nokia as the world's top mobile phone seller  and its Galaxy smartphones outstripped Apple's iPhone at the high end of the market."
"UPDATE 6-Galaxy phones power Samsung to record $5.2 bln profit " "* Q1 operating profit 5.85 trln won vs 5.8 trln won guidance"
"Workers protest at Foxconn plant in China " "TAIPEI  April 27 Workers at a Chinese factory owned by Foxconn  Apple Inc's main manufacturer  threatened to jump off the roof of a building in a protest over wages just a month after the two firms announced a landmark agreement on improving working conditions."
"Workers protest at Foxconn plant in China " "TAIPEI Workers at a Chinese factory owned by Foxconn  Apple Inc's main manufacturer  threatened to jump off the roof of a building in a protest over wages just a month after the two firms announced a landmark agreement on improving working conditions."
"Apple  Google could join Dow index -Barron's " "April 29 The Dow Jones Industrial Average  stock index is due for an overhaul  and new-tech giants like Apple Inc and Google have good arguments for joining the elite 30 companies at the expense of old-industry stalwarts like Alcoa Inc  Barron's said on Sunday."
"Apple  Google could join Dow index: Barron's " "The Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index is due for an overhaul  and new-tech giants like Apple Inc and Google have good arguments for joining the elite 30 companies at the expense of old-industry stalwarts like Alcoa Inc  Barron's said on Sunday."
"Foxconn workers sing its praises  but profit disappoints " "TAIPEI  April 29 Profit at Taiwanese contract maker Hon Hai Precision Industry's grew less than expected in the first quarter  but the main maker of Apple Inc  gadgets  whose plants have come under intense scrutiny over working conditions  was in party mood on Saturday."
"Foxconn workers sing its praises  but profit disappoints " "TAIPEI Profit at Taiwanese contract maker Hon Hai Precision Industry's  grew less than expected in the first quarter  but the main maker of Apple Inc  gadgets  whose plants have come under intense scrutiny over working conditions  was in party mood on Saturday."
"Hon Hai's plunge exposes poor end of Apple value chain " "TAIPEI Shares in Hon Hai Precision Industry Co Ltd took a beating on Monday after lackluster quarterly profits  in sharp contrast with the booming fortunes of its main client  Apple Inc  highlighting one of the main downsides of life as a maker of others' high-end products."
"Microsoft buys Nook stake  Barnes & Noble shares soar " "NEW YORK/SEATTLE Microsoft Corp is jumping into the fast-growing e-books market by investing $605 million over five years in Barnes & Noble Inc's Nook e-reader and college business  as it looks to unlock Amazon.com and Apple Inc's grip on the exploding tablet computer market. | Video "
"RIM offers BlackBerry 10 tools to lure developers " "* RIM giving out touch-only prototype device to developers"
"German court rules against Microsoft in Motorola patent fight " "MANNHEIM  Germany A court in Mannheim ruled on Wednesday that Microsoft infringed Motorola Mobility's patents and ordered Microsoft to remove its popular Xbox 360 gaming consoles and Windows 7 operating system software from the German market."
"Nokia and Carl Zeiss extend camera phone deal " "HELSINKI Nokia and lens-maker Carl Zeiss agreed an exclusive deal to make high-end camera phones  and said a new top-of-the-range model would be launched this month."
"UPDATE 1-Nokia and Carl Zeiss extend cameraphone deal " "* Nokia to sell 41-megapixel PureView cameraphone from May"
"Amazon's Kindle Fire shipments slump in Q1-IDC " "* Apple still leads the pack  Samsung back in second spot"
"Samsung unwraps latest Galaxy rival to iPhone " "HELSINKI  May 3 Samsung Electronics  unveiled a new top-of-the-range Galaxy smartphone on Thursday  updating the most direct rival to Apple's iPhone with a larger touch screen and more powerful processor."
"Samsung unwraps latest Galaxy rival to iPhone " "LONDON/HELSINKI Samsung Electronics unveiled a new top-of-the-range Galaxy smartphone in London on Thursday  updating the most direct rival to Apple's iPhone with a larger touch screen and more powerful processor."
"UPDATE 1-Samsung unwraps latest Galaxy rival to iPhone " "LONDON/HELSINKI  May 3 Samsung Electronics  unveiled a new top-of-the-range Galaxy smartphone in London on Thursday  updating the most direct rival to Apple's  iPhone with a larger touch screen and more powerful processor."
"Samsung unwraps latest Galaxy rival to iPhone " "LONDON/HELSINKI Samsung Electronics unveiled a new top-of-the-range Galaxy smartphone in London on Thursday  updating the most direct rival to Apple's iPhone with a larger touch screen and more powerful processor."
"Samsung unwraps latest Galaxy rival to iPhone " "LONDON/HELSINKI Samsung Electronics  unveiled a new top-of-the-range Galaxy smartphone in London on Thursday  updating the most direct rival to Apple's  iPhone with a larger touch screen and more powerful processor. | Video "
"Buffett would not buy Google  Apple; prefers IBM " "OMAHA  Neb.  May 5 Warren Buffett said on Saturday he would not buy shares of technology giants Apple Inc  or Google Inc but would not sell them short  and said International Business Machines Corp is a better investment for his company Berkshire Hathaway Inc  ."
"Toshiba hitches ride on Apple cart to drive rebound " "TOKYO  May 8 Unlike many beleaguered constituents of Japan Inc  Toshiba Corp  has reason to feel cheerful about ballooning sales at Apple Inc - millions of the iPhones it sells are loaded with NAND flash memory made by Japan's last big chip maker."
"Toshiba hitches ride on Apple cart to drive rebound " "TOKYO Unlike many beleaguered constituents of Japan Inc  Toshiba Corp  has reason to feel cheerful about ballooning sales at Apple Inc - millions of the iPhones it sells are loaded with NAND flash memory made by Japan's last big chip maker."
"Judge throws out Proview's iPad suit vs Apple " "SAN FRANCISCO A California judge tossed out a lawsuit in which the Chinese firm Proview Electronics Co Ltd accused Apple Inc of tricking them into selling the ""iPad"" name for less than it might have."
"Toshiba op profit down 14 pct  sees rebound this year " "TOKYO  May 8 Toshiba Corp  Japan's leading chip maker  posted a 14 percent drop in annual operating profit  hit hard by a strong yen and slower demand due to the euro zone debt crisis."
"UPDATE 1-Ontario Teachers to oppose Sprint CEO's re-election " "May 8 The Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan  one of Sprint Nextel Corp's key investors with about a 4 percent stake  will vote against Chief Executive Dan Hesse's re-election to Sprint's board."
"UPDATE 3-Toshiba sees rebound as Apple leads demand for NAND " "TOKYO  May 8 Unlike many beleaguered constituents of Japan Inc  Toshiba Corp  has reason to cheer ballooning sales at Apple Inc - millions of the iPhones it sells are loaded with NAND flash memory made by Japan's last big chip maker."
"US judge throws out Proview's iPad suit vs Apple " "SAN FRANCISCO  May 8 A California judge tossed out a lawsuit in which the Chinese firm Proview Electronics Co Ltd accused Apple Inc of tricking them into selling the ""iPad"" name for less than it might have."
"CBOE eyes tradable Apple volatility product " "* Has launched 3 products based on VIX benchmarks this year"
"Softbank  PayPal form Japan JV  target iPhone users " "TOKYO  May 9 Softbank Corp said on Wednesday that it and eBay Inc unit PayPal will form a joint venture to expand Japan's e-payments market by targeting users of Apple Inc's iPhone."
"Softbank  PayPal form Japan JV  target iPhone users " "TOKYO Softbank Corp said on Wednesday that it and eBay Inc unit PayPal will form a joint venture to expand Japan's e-payments market by targeting users of Apple Inc's iPhone."
"Apple supplier Foxconn says to hit 10% revenue growth in 2012 " "SHANGHAI  May 10 Foxconn Technology Group  which makes Apple Inc's products  is confident of achieving a 10 percent growth in its revenues this year  chief Terry Gou said on Thursday  as it plans its new China headquarters in Shanghai."
"Apple  supplier Foxconn to share costs on improving factories " "SHANGHAI Apple Inc and its key supplier Foxconn Technology Group will share the initial costs of improving labor conditions at the Chinese factories that assemble iPhones and iPads  Foxconn's top executive said on Thursday."
"Audience shares rise in debut on Apple link " "Shares of Audience Inc  which makes chips used in Apple Inc's iPhone  rose in debut  underlining investors' appetite for technology stocks in a weak IPO market."
"UPDATE 1-Apple  supplier Foxconn to share costs on improving factories " "* Says Foxconn to achieve 10 pct revenue growth target for 2012"
"UPDATE 2-Audience shares rise in debut on Apple link " "May 10 Shares of Audience Inc  which makes chips used in Apple Inc's iPhone  rose in debut  underlining investors' appetite for technology stocks in a w e ak IPO market."
"Google  Apple shares better long-term vs Facebook-Barron's " "May 13 Shares of Google and Apple  are probably better long-term bets than Facebook   and investors would do well to skip its highly touted IPO  Barron's wrote in its May 14 edition."
"Shares in TV maker Loewe jump on Apple bid talk " "FRANKFURT  May 14 Shares in German luxury TV maker Loewe jumped 24 percent on Monday on market talk of a potential offer from Apple."
"Shares in TV maker Loewe jump on Apple bid talk " "FRANKFURT Shares in German luxury TV maker Loewe jumped to a 10-month high on Monday on market talk of a potential offer from Apple."
"UPDATE 1-Shares in TV maker Loewe jump on Apple bid talk " "FRANKFURT  May 14 Shares in German luxury TV maker Loewe jumped to a 10-month high on Monday on market talk of a potential offer from Apple."
"UPDATE 1-US court revives Apple claim on Samsung tablets " "* Apple seeking injunction on sale of some Samsung tablets"
"U.S. court revives Apple claim on Samsung tablets " "WASHINGTON A U.S. appeals court ruled on Monday that Apple Inc could press its bid for an immediate injunction to block the sale of some tablet computers made by Samsung Electronics Co Ltd based on allegations of infringement of one patent."
"US court revives Apple claim on Samsung tablets " "WASHINGTON  May 14 A U.S. appeals court ruled on Monday that Apple Inc  could press its bid for an immediate block on the sale of some tablet computers made by Samsung Electronics Co Ltd based on allegations of infringement of one patent."
"Apple  publishers must face consumers' e-book suit " "NEW YORK  May 15 Apple Inc and five major book publishers have failed to persuade a U.S. judge to throw out a lawsuit by consumers accusing them of conspiring to raise electronic book prices two years ago."
"Apple readies iPhone with bigger screen: sources " "TOKYO Apple Inc plans to use a larger screen on the next-generation iPhone and has begun to place orders for the new displays from suppliers in South Korea and Japan  people familiar with the situation said on Wednesday."
"Apple readies iPhone with bigger screen " "TOKYO Apple Inc  plans to use a larger screen on the next-generation iPhone and has begun to place orders for the new displays from suppliers in South Korea and Japan  people familiar with the situation said on Wednesday."
"Apple readies iPhone with larger screen - sources " " "
"DoubleLine's Gundlach recommends shorting Apple " "NEW YORK  May 16 Jeffrey Gundlach  one of the world's most widely watched credit investors  recommended betting against computer company Apple Inc  retailer Nordstrom Inc and the main U.S. stock index  the Standard & Poor's 500."
"Einhorn still likes Apple  thinks MLM overvalued " "NEW YORK Hedge fund manager David Einhorn  whose investment picks are closely watched  raced through a list of the companies he likes and has concerns about including Apple Inc and Martin Marietta Materials ."
"Einhorn still likes Apple  thinks MLM overvalued " "NEW YORK  May 16 Hedge fund manager David Einhorn  whose investment picks are closely watched  raced through a list of the companies he likes and has concerns about including Apple Inc and Martin Marietta Materials."
"Mobile sales dip as China buyers hold off: Gartner " "HELSINKI Global sales of mobile phones fell 2 percent in January-March after ten straight quarters of growth  as Chinese buyers held back in anticipation of new models and economic uncertainties weighed on developed markets  research firm Gartner said."
"Samsung hammered as Korean stocks fall to 4-month low " "* Samsung  Hynix sink on Elpida chip order from Apple report     * Samsung loses 11.9 trln Korean won in mkt cap in one day     * Foreigners in longest selling streak in more than 2 yrs      By Joonhee Yu	     SEOUL  May 16 Samsung Electronics lost more than $10 billion in market capitalisation on Tuesday as its shares tumbled 6.2 percent  the most since October 2008 on a newspaper report that Apple Inc had placed a huge chip order with Japanese rival Elpida.	     The fall in Samsung"
"Samsung loses $10 billion market value on Apple order report " "SEOUL Shares in Samsung Electronics Co slumped more than 6 percent on Wednesday  wiping $10 billion off the electronics giant's market value  on a report that Apple placed huge chip orders with troubled Japanese chip rival Elpida."
"UPDATE 2-Apple readies iPhone with bigger screen-sources " "TOKYO  May 16 Apple Inc plans to use a larger screen on the next-generation iPhone and has begun to place orders for the new displays from suppliers in South Korea and Japan  people familiar with the situation said on Wednesday."
"Apple readies iPhone with bigger screen: sources " "TOKYO Apple Inc plans to use a larger screen on the next-generation iPhone and has begun to place orders for the new displays from suppliers in South Korea and Japan  people familiar with the situation said on Wednesday. | Video "
"Apple to use only green power for main data center " "Apple Inc plans to power its main U.S. data center entirely with renewable energy by the end of this year  taking steps to address longstanding environmental concerns about the rapid expansion of high-consuming computer server farms."
"Apple to use only green power for main data center " "Apple Inc  plans to power its main U.S. data center entirely with renewable energy by the end of this year  taking steps to address longstanding environmental concerns about the rapid expansion of high-consuming computer server farms. | Video "
"Main Apple data center to tap only renewable power " "May 17 Apple Inc plans to power its main  North Carolina data center entirely with renewable energy sources by the end of this year  taking steps to address longstanding environmental concerns about the rapid expansion of high-consuming computer server farms."
"REFILE-Samsung Elec extends fall as most Korean shares steady " "(Adds attribution to second quote to make clear it is trader speaking)"
"Samsung not seen quaking in boots over Apple-Elpida report " "SEOUL Apple Inc will struggle to cut its reliance on rival Samsung Electronics for component supplies  analysts and industry sources said on Thursday  despite speculation that it has begun reducing its use of Samsung memory chips."
"UPDATE 3-Apple to use only green power for main data center " "* Two solar installations to be built for Maiden  NC  center"
"Apple to use only green power for main data center " "Apple Inc plans to power its main U.S. data center entirely with renewable energy by the end of this year  taking steps to address longstanding environmental concerns about the rapid expansion of high-consuming computer server farms."
"Apple  Samsung CEOs set for court talks " "SAN FRANCISCO The chief executives of Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd are used to running the show at their global tech empires  but they will be in for a different experience when they arrive at a San Francisco federal courthouse on Monday."
"Samsung's mobile chief says has options to settle war with Apple " "SEOUL  May 20 Samsung Electronics'  mobile division chief JK Shin said on Sunday the South Korean technology giant was still seeking to resolve differences in its international patent war with Apple Inc.."
"Samsung's mobile chief says has options to settle war with Apple " "SEOUL Samsung Electronics' mobile division chief JK Shin said on Sunday the South Korean technology giant was still seeking to resolve differences in its international patent war with Apple Inc.."
"Apple  Samsung CEOs in U.S. court talks on patents " "SAN FRANCISCO The chief executives of Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd were summoned for court-directed mediation on Monday over the iPhone maker's claims the Korean firm has ""slavishly"" copied some of its products."
"Apple Samsung CEOs in U.S. court talks over patent row " "SAN FRANCISCO The chief executives of Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd come face to face on Monday in court-directed mediation in the United States over a dispute in which the iPhone maker claims the Korean firm has ""slavishly"" copied some of its products."
"Apple seeks support for new spaceship-like campus " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc's chief financial officer is asking the residents of Cupertino  California  to support the company's new 2.8 million square foot spaceship-like campus  which critics say would increase traffic and pressure city services."
"Apple seeks support for new spaceship-like campus " "SAN FRANCISCO  May 21 Apple Inc's chief financial officer is asking the residents of Cupertino  California  to support the company's new 2.8 million square foot spaceship-like campus  which critics say would increase traffic and pressure city services."
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT - Nasdaq bounces as Apple outweighs Facebook " "NEW YORK  May 21 The Nasdaq climbed 2 percent on Monday as U.S. stocks rebounded from their worst week in a year while investors dumped newly floated shares in Facebook  and redeployed capital to more established names such as Apple ."
"Dell results disappoint Street  shares dive " "SAN FRANCISCO Dell Inc forecast disappointing second-quarter revenue as U.S. and European corporate tech spending weakens and consumer personal computer sales continue to shrink  hammering its shares."
"Apple: U.S. e-book lawsuit 'fundamentally flawed' " "* US alleges collusion cost consumers millions of dollars"
"Apple CEO gives up $75 million in dividend income " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook will not be earning dividend income on the more than 1 million shares to which he is entitled  which will cost him about $75 million."
"CORRECTED-UPDATE 1-Apple CEO gives up $75 mln in dividend income " "SAN FRANCISCO  May 24 Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook will not be earning dividend income on the more than 1 million shares to which he is entitled  which will cost him about $75 million."
"PRESS DIGEST - Financial Times - May 24 " "The euro tumbled to its lowest level in almost two years as investors dumped riskier European equities amid signs that policymakers were bracing for the financial turmoil that could be unleashed by a Greek exit from the euro zone."
"Sharp  Hon Hai to jointly make panels in China -Nikkei " "TOKYO  May 24 Japan's Sharp Corp and Taiwan's Hon Hai Precision Industry Co will jointly produce panels for Apple Inc's iPhone and other consumer electronics products in China  the Nikkei business daily said on Thursday."
"Sharp to supply technology to Hon Hai's China plant: Nikkei " "TOKYO Japan's Sharp Corp will supply technological know-how to Taiwan's Hon Hai Precision Industry Co for a plant in China that will produce panels for Apple Inc's iPhone and other consumer electronics products  the Nikkei business daily said on Thursday."
"Instant View: RIM enlists JPMorgan  RBC in review  warns of loss " "Blackberry maker Research in Motion  which has steadily ceded market share to Apple Inc and Google Inc in the hotly contested smartphone arena  has hired JP Morgan and RBC Capital Markets to help review its struggling business."
"REFILE-Samsung boosts Galaxy appeal with Music Hub " "LONDON  May 29 Samsung has launched a new music service on the Galaxy S3  its flagship smartphone that rolls out across Europe from Tuesday  to boost its appeal in competition with top devices like Apple's iPhone."
"REFILE-UPDATE 3-Samsung Galaxy S3 gets head start on rival iPhone " "SEOUL/LONDON  May 29 Samsung Electronics  launched its top-of-the-range Galaxy S3 smartphone in Europe on Tuesday  aiming to outsell its previous model that helped the South Korean company topple Apple as the world's largest smartphone maker."
"Samsung Galaxy S3 gets head start on rival iPhone " "SEOUL/LONDON Samsung Electronics launched its top-of-the-range Galaxy S3 smartphone in Europe on Tuesday  aiming to outsell its previous model that helped the South Korean company topple Apple  as the world's largest smartphone maker."
"Samsung Galaxy S3 gets head start on rival iPhone " "SEOUL/LONDON Samsung Electronics launched its top-of-the-range Galaxy S3 smartphone in Europe on Tuesday  aiming to outsell its previous model that helped the South Korean company topple Apple as the world's largest smartphone maker. | Video "
"Samsung launches Galaxy S3 to cement smartphone supremacy " "SEOUL  May 29 Samsung Electronics Co  launches its latest Galaxy S smartphone in Europe on Tuesday  with the third generation model expected to be even more successful than its predecessor  which helped the South Korean company topple Apple Inc as the world's top smartphone maker."
"Apple CEO sees TV as area of ""intense interest"" " "RANCHOS PALOS VERDES  California Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook said technology for televisions was of ""intense interest"" but stressed the company's efforts would unfold gradually amid speculation the iPad and iPhone maker was on the brink of unveiling a revolutionary iTV."
"Apple CEO wants to make more products in U.S " "RANCHOS PALOS VERDES  Calif.  May 29 Apple Inc  Chief Executive Tim Cook said he would like to see more of the company's products assembled at home than in China and contain more U.S. components such as semiconductors."
"Apple may have tried to block Spotify in US -Parker " "RANCHO PALOS VERDES  Calif.  May 30 Apple Inc  may have tried to prevent Spotify  the popular music streaming service  from entering the U.S. market  according to Sean Parker  a director of the company."
"Apple may have tried to block Spotify in U.S.: Parker " "RANCHO PALOS VERDES  California Apple Inc may have tried to prevent Spotify  the popular music streaming service  from entering the U.S. market  according to Sean Parker  a director of the company."
"HTC says phones pass U.S. customs review " "TAIPEI Smartphone maker HTC  said on Wednesday its latest smartphones have passed a U.S. customs review  clearing the way for it to ramp up sales in the United States as it looks to turn around a decline in what was once its largest market."
"UPDATE 1-Apple CEO sees TV as area of ""intense interest"" " "RANCHOS PALOS VERDES  Calif.  May 29 Apple Inc  Chief Executive Tim Cook said technology for televisions was of ""intense interest"" but stressed the company's efforts would unfold gradually amid speculation the iPad and iPhone maker was on the brink of unveiling a revolutionary iTV."
"UPDATE 1-HTC says phones pass U.S. customs review " "TAIPEI  May 30 Smartphone maker HTC  said on Wednesday its latest smartphones have passed a U.S. customs review  clearing the way for it to ramp up sales in the United States as it looks to turn around a decline in what was once its largest market."
"Apple assembly plant conditions still harsh in China-activists " "HONG KONG Working conditions at Foxconn's gargantuan Chinese factories that assemble Apple Inc's slick gadgets have barely improved despite pledges this year to halt labor violations  workers' rights activists and employees said on Thursday."
"Apple assembly plant conditions still harsh in China-activists " " "
"Leap to sell iPhone " "May 31 Leap Wireless International Inc  said Thursday it will become the first U.S. provider of prepaid mobile services to sell the Apple Inc iPhone  starting on June 22."
"Leap Wireless to sell iPhone starting June 22 " "Leap Wireless International Inc said it will become the first U.S. provider of prepaid mobile services to sell the Apple Inc iPhone  starting June 22."
"Leap Wireless to sell iPhone starting June 22 " "Leap Wireless International Inc  will be the first U.S. provider of prepaid mobile services to sell the Apple Inc  iPhone  potentially putting pressure on its much bigger rivals to provide cheaper phone or service prices."
"UPDATE 1-Apple assembly plant conditions still harsh in China-activists " "HONG KONG  May 31 Working conditions at Foxconn's gargantuan Chinese factories that assemble Apple Inc's  slick gadgets have barely improved despite pledges this year to halt labour violations  workers' rights activists and employees said on Thursday."
"UPDATE 2-Leap Wireless to sell iPhone starting June 22 " "* To sell 16 gigabyte iPhone for $499.99  8 gigabyte model for $399.99"
"Judge won't bar Steve Jobs quotes from patent trial " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 1 Steve Jobs gave a lot of juicy quotes before he died  and Apple Inc has failed to keep some of them out of an upcoming patent trial against Google's Motorola Mobility unit  according to a court ruling."
"Judge won't bar Steve Jobs quotes from patent trial " "SAN FRANCISCO Steve Jobs gave a lot of juicy quotes before he died  and Apple Inc  has failed to keep some of them out of an upcoming patent trial against Google's  Motorola Mobility unit  according to a court ruling."
"Leap Wireless to sell iPhone starting June 22 " "Leap Wireless International Inc  will be the first U.S. provider of prepaid mobile services to sell the Apple Inc  iPhone  potentially putting pressure on its much bigger rivals to provide cheaper phone or service prices."
"UPDATE 1-IWatt files for IPO of up to $75 mln " "June 4 IWatt Inc  which makes power management chips used in Apple products  filed with U.S. regulators to raise up to $75 million in an initial public offering of its common stock."
"Apple faces delay in seeking U.S. ban of Samsung tablets " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc is facing delays in renewing its request that a U.S. judge ban Samsung Electronics' Galaxy 10.1 tablets  a key battleground in the worldwide patent wars between the technology giants."
"Apple faces delay in seeking U.S. ban of Samsung tablets " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 4 Apple Inc is facing delays in renewing its request that a U.S. judge ban Samsung Electronics's Galaxy 10.1 tablets  a key battleground in the worldwide patent wars between the technology giants."
"Apple eyes new stores in two Chinese cities as iPad suit continues " "SHANGHAI Apple Inc is looking to open flagship stores in the major Chinese cities of Chengdu and Shenzhen  government officials said on Wednesday  while it continues to fight a Chinese company over the use of the iPad trademark."
"Apple eyes new stores in two Chinese cities as iPad suit continues " "SHANGHAI  June 6 Apple Inc is looking to open flagship stores in the major Chinese cities of Chengdu and Shenzhen  government officials said on Wednesday  while it continues to fight a Chinese company over the use of the iPad trademark."
"Smartphone maker HTC cuts sales target " "TAIPEI Taiwanese smartphone maker HTC Corp cut its second-quarter revenue target  citing lower-than-anticipated sales to Europe and delayed product sales in the United States  while China is doing better-than-expected  it said."
"UPDATE 1-Smartphone maker HTC cuts sales target " "TAIPEI  June 6 Taiwanese smartphone maker HTC Corp cut its second-quarter revenue target  citing lower-than-anticipated sales to Europe and delayed product sales in the United States  while China is doing better-than-expected  it said."
"Apple may seek to stop U.S. launch of Galaxy phone " "SAN JOSE  Calif. June 7 An Apple Inc  lawyer said that the iPhone and iPad maker may seek a legal order stopping the launch of Samsung's Galaxy S III phone in the United States later this month."
"Apple may seek to stop U.S. launch of Galaxy phone " "SAN JOSE  California An Apple Inc  lawyer said the iPhone and iPad maker may seek a legal order stopping the launch of Samsung Electronics Co Ltd's  Galaxy S III phone in the United States later this month."
"Barnes & Noble says U.S. e-books deal hurts public " "June 7 Barnes & Noble Inc has objected to the U.S. government's proposed settlement of its price-fixing lawsuit against top publishers and Apple Inc  saying it would harm book sellers and ""millions and millions"" of book buyers."
"Lowered outlook  new Apple fight send HTC shares to 2-year low " "TAIPEI Shares of HTC  fell to their lowest intraday level in more than two years on Thursday after the smartphone maker warned of lower revenues and was named in a patent lawsuit by rival Apple Inc ."
"Samsung says Galaxy S III U.S. launch to go ahead  despite Apple suit " "SEOUL  June 7 Samsung Electronics Co  said on Thursday the latest version of its flagship smartphone Galaxy S will go on sale in the U.S. market as planned  despite a sales injunction request filed by Apple to a U.S. court."
"Samsung says Galaxy S III U.S. launch to go ahead  despite Apple suit " "SEOUL Samsung Electronics Co  said on Thursday the latest version of its flagship smartphone Galaxy S will go on sale in the U.S. market as planned  despite a sales injunction request filed by Apple  to a U.S. court."
"UPDATE 1-Barnes & Noble says e-books settlement hurts public " "* Three publishers had settled; Apple and two others will fight"
"UPDATE 2-Apple may seek to stop U.S. launch of Galaxy phone " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  June 7 An Apple Inc  lawyer said the iPhone and iPad maker may seek a legal order stopping the launch of Samsung Electronics Co Ltd's  Galaxy S III phone in the United States later this month."
"UPDATE 3-Samsung Elec moves CEO  seen grooming next leader " "* CEO Choi Gee-sung moves to new group corporate strategy role"
"US judge cancels Apple-Google phone patent trial " "June 7 A federal judge canceled a scheduled June 11 trial between Apple Inc and Google Inc's  Motorola Mobility unit over patents related to mobile phones and tablet computers  and expects to dismiss both sides' cases because neither can prove damages."
"Apple may seek to stop U.S. launch of Galaxy phone " "SAN JOSE  California An Apple Inc lawyer said the iPhone and iPad maker may seek a legal order stopping the launch of Samsung Electronics Co Ltd's Galaxy S III phone in the United States later this month."
"Apple may seek to stop U.S. launch of Galaxy phone " "SAN JOSE  California An Apple Inc lawyer said the iPhone and iPad maker may seek a legal order stopping the launch of Samsung Electronics Co Ltd's Galaxy S III phone in the United States later this month. | Video "
"Apple's war with Google heats up " "SAN FRANCISCO When Apple Inc kicks off its annual conference for software developers on Monday  all the power players in the Apple universe will be on hand  save the one that is in many ways driving the agenda: Google Inc."
"China says 100 Foxconn workers riot after eatery dispute " "BEIJING About 100 workers at a southwestern China plant of Foxconn  Apple Inc's  main manufacturer  went on the rampage this week after a dispute in a restaurant turned violent  a government website said."
"China says 100 Foxconn workers riot after eatery dispute " "BEIJING  June 8 About 100 workers at a southwestern China plant of Foxconn  Apple Inc's main manufacturer  went on the rampage this week after a dispute in a restaurant turned violent  a government website said."
"UPDATE 1-US judge cancels Apple-Google phone patent trial " "June 7 A federal judge canceled a scheduled June 11 trial between Apple Inc and Google Inc's  Motorola Mobility unit over patents related to mobile phones and tablet computers  and expects to dismiss the case because neither can prove damages."
"U.S. judge cancels Apple-Google phone patent trial " "A federal judge canceled a scheduled June 11 trial between Apple Inc and Google Inc's Motorola Mobility unit over patents related to mobile phones and tablet computers  and expects to dismiss the case because neither can prove damages."
"Apple CEO Cook kicks off developers conference " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 11 Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook kicked off the company's annual developers conference on Monday  where he is expected to unwrap souped-up software and hardware to help it in its mobile race against Google Inc."
"Apple expected to unveil applications to take on Google " "SAN FRANCISCO When Apple Inc kicks off its annual conference for software developers on Monday  all the power players in the Apple universe will be on hand  save the one that is in many ways driving the agenda: Google Inc."
"Apple takes on Google with own maps  better Siri " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc took the wraps off its own mobile mapping service and improved the search capabilities of its Siri electronic assistant technology  as it rolled out souped-up software and hardware on Monday to help it wage war on Google Inc."
"ETNO wants UN help in sharing web investment cost " "* EU telecoms providers want online content providers to share network costs"
"UPDATE 3-Apple takes on Google with own maps  better Siri " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 11 Apple Inc took the wraps off its own mobile mapping service and improved the search capabilities of its Siri electronic assistant technology  as it rolled out souped-up software and hardware on Monday to help it wage war on Google Inc."
"Analysis: Apple's big enemy in smartphone wars: delay " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc has spent nearly three years fighting its rivals in a global smartphone patent war. Now  setbacks in two key U.S. court cases are laying bare why a drawn-out battle could be bad news for the iPhone maker."
"Analysis: Apple's big enemy in smartphone wars: delay " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc has spent nearly three years fighting its rivals in a global smartphone patent war. Now  setbacks in two key U.S. court cases are laying bare why a drawn-out battle could be bad news for the iPhone maker."
"Apple map service finds fans on Wall Street " "Apple Inc  won plaudits from Wall Street analysts after unveiling a slew of new services including mobile mapping and jazzed up technology for its Siri voice assistant."
"Apple's car navigation plans hit Harman shares " "Shares of Harman International Industries Inc fell as much as 10 percent on Tuesday after Apple Inc outlined plans to offer voice activated real-time traffic updates and turn-by-turn navigation in cars."
"Apple's Siri gets behind the wheel. Who should worry? " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple is taking Siri on the road."
"Apple's Siri gets behind the wheel. Who should worry? " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 12 Apple is taking Siri on the road."
"Apple takes on Google with own maps  better Siri " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc took the wraps off its own mobile mapping service and improved the search capabilities of its Siri voice assistant  taking the fight into Google Inc's domain."
"FACTBOX: Maps  Macs and mobile dominate Apple conference " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference kicked off Monday with an announcement-studded keynote  in which CEO Tim Cook and other Apple executives unveiled the new mobile operating system (iOS 6)  a lineup of improved notebook PCs and details of the latest operating system."
"UPDATE 4-Apple takes on Google with own maps  better Siri " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 11 Apple Inc took the wraps off its own mobile mapping service and improved the search capabilities of its Siri voice assistant  taking the fight into Google Inc's domain."
"Apple fails to fend off mobile tracking lawsuit " "Apple Inc must defend against a lawsuit accusing it of letting advertisers secretly track the activity of millions of mobile device users  a federal judge ruled  but Google Inc and several other defendants were dismissed from the case."
"Apple fails to fend off mobile tracking lawsuit " "* iPhone  iPad users claim personal data collected improperly"
"Harman sees partner in Apple  not rival: CEO " "Harman International Industries Inc said it will not be affected by Apple Inc's plans to offer voice activated real-time traffic updates and turn-by-turn navigation in cars."
"Taiwan's HTC boosts patent bank; not worried over disputes " "TAIPEI The head of Taiwanese smartphone maker HTC Corp  embroiled in patent battles with Apple Inc and others  said his company had completed the purchase of U.S. graphics chipmaker S3 Graphics  arming itself with more than 200 patents."
"Foxconn says plant worker jumps from apartment " "TAIPEI Foxconn Technology Group  the main supplier of Apple Inc   said on Thursday a worker at a Chinese plant jumped from his apartment on Wednesday  the first suicide since the company agreed with its U.S. client to improve work conditions."
"Foxconn says plant worker jumps from apartment " "TAIPEI Foxconn Technology Group  the main supplier of Apple Inc  said on Thursday a worker at a Chinese plant jumped from his apartment on Wednesday  the first suicide since the company agreed with its U.S. client to improve work conditions."
"Foxconn says plant worker jumps from apartment " "TAIPEI  June 14 Foxconn Technology Group  the main supplier of Apple Inc  said on Thursday a worker at a Chinese plant jumped from his apartment on Wednesday  the first suicide since the company agreed with its U.S. client to improve work conditions."
"FT sees BlackBerry with smaller role in future " "NEW YORK Financial Times  which gets nearly a third of its revenue from digital subscriptions  expects BlackBerry smartphones to become less important for corporate executives as BlackBerry loses market share to devices like Apple Inc's iPhone and Google Inc's Android-based system."
"Judge gives Apple reprieve in patent case versus Google " "A U.S. judge has agreed to hear Apple's request for an injunction against the sale of some Motorola phones  giving the iPhone maker a chance to head off a damaging ruling in the smartphone patent wars."
"Judge gives Apple reprieve in patent case vs. Google " "June 14 A U.S. judge has agreed to hear Apple's request for an injunction against the sale of some Motorola phones  giving the iPhone maker a chance to head off a damaging ruling in the smartphone patent wars."
"Taiwan's HTC boosts patent bank; not worried over disputes " "TAIPEI The head of Taiwanese smartphone maker HTC Corp  embroiled in patent battles with Apple Inc and others  said his company had completed the purchase of U.S. graphics chipmaker S3 Graphics  arming itself with more than 200 patents."
"TAKE-A-LOOK-Troubles mount at Nokia " "Nokia plans to cut one in five jobs at its global cellphone business as it loses market share to rivals Apple and Samsung and burns through cash  raising new fears over its future.  	    In a second profit warning in nine weeks  Nokia said its phone business would post a deeper-than-expected loss in the second quarter due to tougher competition.   	    Once the world's dominant mobile phone provider  Nokia was wrongfooted by the rise of smartphones and is struggling to keep up with Apple  Samsun"
"Time Inc to sell magazine subscriptions on Apple Newsstand " "June 14 Time Inc's stable of 20 magazines  including Sports Illustrated and People  are now available for subscription on Apple's Newsstand  the company said on Thursday."
"Time Inc to sell magazine subscriptions on Apple Newsstand " "Time Inc's stable of 20 magazines  including Sports Illustrated and People  are now available for subscription on Apple's Newsstand  the company said on Thursday."
"Talk of Microsoft tablet resurfaces " "SEATTLE  June 15 Microsoft Corp is gearing up to unveil its own tablet  to boost its new Windows 8 operating system and counter Apple Inc's hot-selling iPad  according to media reports on Friday."
"Talk of Microsoft tablet resurfaces " "SEATTLE Microsoft Corp  is gearing up to unveil its own tablet to boost its new Windows 8 operating system and counter Apple Inc's  hot-selling iPad  according to media reports on Friday."
"Ex-AT&T employee admits leaking Apple  RIM info " "NEW YORK A former AT&T  employee admitted on Monday to sharing company secrets such as sales numbers for Apple Inc's  iPhone to traders who illegally bought shares on the information."
"Ex-AT&T employee admits leaking Apple  RIM info " "NEW YORK  June 18 A former AT&T employee admitted on Monday to sharing company secrets such as sales numbers for Apple Inc's iPhone to traders who illegally bought shares on the information."
"Microsoft announces Surface tablet " "LOS ANGELES Microsoft Corp unveiled a tablet called Surface on Monday  in a move to rival Apple Inc's massively successful iPad."
"Microsoft teases tablet plans " "LOS ANGELES  June 18 Microsoft Corp  kept quiet on Monday ahead of a mystery announcement amid talk it plans to launch its own tablet computer to rival Apple Inc's  massively successful iPad."
"UPDATE 1-Microsoft announces Surface tablet " "LOS ANGELES  June 18 Microsoft Corp  unveiled a tablet called Surface on Monday  in a move to rival Apple Inc's massively successful iPad."
"Apple supplier Imagination hit by competition fears " "LONDON Booming sales of Apple's iPhones and iPads were not enough to ease concerns on Tuesday that British supplier Imagination Technologies is overly reliant on one customer as rival smartphone and tablet companies snap at the U.S. giant's heels."
"Factbox: Microsoft's Surface takes on Apple's iPad " "SAN FRANCISCO Microsoft Corp took the wraps off its ""Surface"" tablet on Monday  taking aim at a market dominated by Apple Inc's iPad."
"Google's  Apple's eyes in the sky draw scrutiny " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc and Apple Inc are attracting renewed scrutiny of their practices due to privacy concerns - this time for flying ""military-grade spy planes"" over major U.S. cities as they race to shore up their rival 3D mapping services."
"Google's  Apple's eyes in the sky draw scrutiny " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 19 Google Inc and Apple Inc a re attracting renewed scrutiny of their practices due to privacy concerns - th is t ime for flying ""mi litary-grade spy planes"" ove r major U.S. cities as they race to shore up their rival 3D mapping services."
"Kodak sues Apple  claiming interference in patent sales " "June 19 Photography pioneer Eastman Kodak Co  sued Apple Inc to stop it from interfering with plans to sell a large patent portfolio  a significant part of its bankruptcy restructuring."
"Kodak sues Apple  claiming interference in patent sales " "Photography pioneer Eastman Kodak Co sued Apple Inc to stop it from interfering with plans to sell a large patent portfolio  a significant part of its bankruptcy restructuring."
"Microsoft tackles iPad with Surface tablet " "LOS ANGELES Microsoft Corp introduced its own line of tablet computers on Monday at a much-hyped press event in Los Angeles  marking a major strategic shift for the software giant as it struggles to compete with Apple Inc and re-invent its aging Windows franchise. | Video "
"UPDATE 1-Demand for Apple's phones boosts Imagination Tech " "LONDON  June 19 Imagination Technologies   the British company whose graphics power Apple's  iPhone and iPad  posted an as expected 53 percent rise in full-year profit and said it was confident about its prospects."
"UPDATE 4-Microsoft tackles iPad with Surface tablet " "LOS ANGELES  June 18 Microsoft Corp  introduced its own line of tablet computers on Monday at a much-hyped press event in Los Angeles  marking a major strategic shift for the software giant as it struggles to compete with Apple Inc and re-invent its aging Windows franchise."
"Apple  Google to face off in key smartphone hearing " "CHICAGO  June 20 Apple Inc will try to salvage a high-profile lawsuit against Google Inc's  Motorola Mobility unit on Wednesday at a crucial hearing in the smartphone patent wars between the two tech companies."
"Dutch court orders Apple to pay Samsung damages over patent " "AMSTERDAM A Dutch court ordered Apple Inc to pay damages to Samsung Electronics Co Ltd over a patent violation in the Netherlands  the latest twist in the global legal battle waged by the two rival phone and computer makers."
"Dutch court orders Apple to pay Samsung damages over patent " "AMSTERDAM  June 20 A Dutch court ordered Apple Inc to pay damages to Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  over a patent violation in the Netherlands  the latest twist in the global legal battle waged by the two rival phone and computer makers."
"Judge grills Apple in Google smartphone case " "CHICAGO A U.S. judge on Wednesday strongly questioned Apple Inc's bid for an injunction against Google Inc's Motorola Mobility unit  as the iPhone maker tries to salvage its position on a key front in the smartphone patent wars."
"Microsoft brings phone software closer to Windows " "SEATTLE Microsoft Corp's new phone software will be built on the same core as its new upcoming PC and tablet operating system  bringing the company one step closer to unifying its Windows franchise across a full range of screens that are revolutionizing computing. | Video "
"Microsoft says new phone software closer to Windows 8 " "SEATTLE  June 20 Microsoft Corp  announced the latest version of its smartphone software called Windows Phone 8 on Wednesday as it looks to beef up its challenge to Apple Inc's iPhone and Google Inc's  Android devices."
"Nuance combines keyboard  voice for Android " "June 20 Nuance launched software to allow smartphone owners to input text using a combination of tapping  tracing  handwriting and speaking  as consumers increasingly demand technology that learns from them rather than the other way around."
"Nuance combines keyboard  voice for Android " "Nuance launched software to allow smartphone owners to input text using a combination of tapping  tracing  handwriting and speaking  as consumers increasingly demand technology that learns from them rather than the other way around."
"UPDATE 1-Dutch court orders Apple to pay Samsung damages over patent " "AMSTERDAM  June 20 A Dutch court ordered Apple Inc to pay damages to Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  over a patent violation in the Netherlands  the latest twist in the global legal battle waged by the two rival phone and computer makers."
"UPDATE 2-Judge grills Apple in Google smartphone case " "* Injunction against Motorola would be ""catastrophic""-judge"
"Acer slates Microsoft's hardware push " "LONDON Acer  the world's fourth largest PC maker  has dismissed Microsoft's chances of becoming a rival to Apple by building its own devices and urged its software partner to focus on its new operating system instead."
"Analysis: With Siri and new alliances  Apple takes on Google search " "SAN FRANCISCO When Apple Inc sends out its coveted invitations to major events  one CEO has always been making the guest list of late: Jeremy Stoppelman."
"Apple filing could delay Kodak patent sale " "* Apple: Dispute over 10 patents belongs in district court"
"Apple filing could delay Kodak patent sale " "Apple Inc on Thursday asked a federal judge to move a lawsuit against it by Eastman Kodak Co to a new court  which could derail the photography pioneer's plan to quickly sell a large patent portfolio through the bankruptcy process."
"Apple fined in Australia for misleading iPad advertising " "MELBOURNE Apple Inc was fined A$2.25 million ($2.29 million) by an Australian court on Thursday for misleading advertising of its latest iPad."
"Apple fined in Australia for misleading iPad advertising " "MELBOURNE  June 21 Apple Inc was fined A$2.25 million ($2.29 million) by an Australian court on Thursday for misleading advertising of its latest iPad."
"Leader of Apple iScam gets up to 9 years in prison " "NEW YORK A computer-savvy thief won't be on the street for Apple Inc's next big product launch."
"Leader of Apple iScam gets up to 9 years in prison " "NEW YORK  June 21 A computer-savvy thief won't be on the street for Apple Inc's next big product launch."
"MARKET PULSE: Apple  Facebook  Johnson & Johnson " "Apple Inc on Thursday asked a federal judge to move a lawsuit against it by Eastman Kodak to a new court  which could derail the photography pioneer's plan to quickly sell a large patent portfolio through the bankruptcy process."
"Judge blocks Apple in Google smartphone war " "A U.S. judge on Friday ruled that Apple Inc cannot pursue an injunction against Google's Motorola Mobility unit  effectively ending a key case for the iPhone maker in the smartphone patent wars."
"UPDATE 3-US judge blocks Apple in Google smartphone war " "June 22 A U.S. judge on Friday ruled that Apple Inc cannot pursue an injunction against Google's  Motorola Mobility unit  effectively ending a key case for the iPhone maker in the smartphone patent wars."
"US judge blocks Apple in Google smartphone war " "June 22 A U.S. judge on Friday ruled that Apple Inc cannot pursue an injunction against Google's  Motorola Mobility unit  a significant setback for the iPhone maker in a key case in the smartphone patent wars."
"U.S. judge sets 2013 trial date for Apple e-book lawsuit " "NEW YORK A U.S. judge on Friday set a 2013 trial date for a lawsuit from the U.S. government accusing Apple and book publishers of conspiring to fix the prices of electronic books."
"US judge sets 2013 trial date for Apple e-book lawsuit " "NEW YORK  June 22 A U.S. judge on Friday set a 2013 trial date for a lawsuit from the U.S. government accusing Apple and book publishers of conspiring to fix the prices of electronic books."
"Samsung sees higher Q2 handset earnings; U.S. supply crunch to ease " "SEOUL Samsung Electronics Co expects sales of its new Galaxy S III  launched at the end of last month as a main rival to Apple's iPhone  to top 10 million during July  making it the South Korean group's fastest selling smartphone. | Video "
"UPDATE 1-US trade panel to revisit initial ruling vs. Apple " "June 25 A U.S. trade panel said on Monday it would revisit an initial ruling that Apple Inc  infringed one of four patents asserted by Motorola Mobility  now a Google Inc unit."
"U.S. trade panel to revisit initial ruling vs. Apple " "A U.S. trade panel said on Monday it would revisit an initial ruling that Apple Inc  infringed one of four patents asserted by Motorola Mobility  now a Google Inc  unit."
"US trade panel to revisit initial ruling vs. Apple " "June 25 A U.S. trade panel said on Monday it would revisit an initial ruling that Apple Inc  infringed one of four patents asserted by Motorola Mobility  now a Google Inc unit."
"For Samsung  Galaxy halo effect comes with supply crunch " "SEOUL  June 26 Samsung Electronics'  struggle to keep pace with rampant demand for its new Galaxy S III smartphone may have cost the South Korean firm some 2 million units of sales in just a month."
"For Samsung  Galaxy halo effect comes with supply crunch " "SEOUL Samsung Electronics' struggle to keep pace with rampant demand for its new Galaxy S III smartphone may have cost the South Korean firm some 2 million units of sales in just a month."
"Mac users guided to pricier hotels on Orbitz-WSJ " "June 26 Orbitz Worldwide Inc has found that people who use Apple Inc's Mac computers spend as much as 30 percent more per night on hotels  so the online travel agency is starting to show them different  and sometimes costlier  travel options than Windows visitors see  the Wall Street Journal reported on Monday."
"Mac users guided to pricier hotels on Orbitz: WSJ " "Orbitz Worldwide Inc has found that people who use Apple Inc's Mac computers spend as much as 30 percent more per night on hotels  so the online travel agency is starting to show them different  and sometimes costlier  travel options than Windows visitors see  the Wall Street Journal reported on Monday."
"U.S. trade panel to revisit initial ruling vs. Apple " "A U.S. trade panel said on Monday it would revisit an initial ruling that Apple Inc infringed one of four patents asserted by Motorola Mobility  now a Google Inc unit."
"Apple launches iTunes in HK  Singapore  Taiwan " "SINGAPORE Apple Inc said on Wednesday it has launched its iTunes online media store in 12 Asian territories including Hong Kong  Singapore and Taiwan  making it easier for customers in the region to buy and download music and videos."
"Apple launches iTunes in HK  Singapore  Taiwan " "SINGAPORE  June 27 Apple Inc said on Wednesday it has launched its iTunes online media store in 12 Asian territories including Hong Kong  Singapore and Taiwan  making it easier for customers in the region to buy and download music and videos."
"Google goes up against Amazon  Apple with Nexus tablet " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc will sell its first tablet from mid-July for $199  hoping to replicate its smartphone success in a hotly contested market now dominated by Amazon.com Inc's Kindle Fire and Apple Inc's iPad. | Video "
"Judge halts U.S. sales of Samsung Galaxy Tab " "SAN FRANCISCO A U.S. judge on Tuesday backed Apple Inc's request to stop Samsung Electronics selling its Galaxy Tab 10.1 tablet in the United States  giving the iPhone maker a significant win in the global smartphone and tablet patent wars."
"UPDATE 4-Google goes up against Amazon  Apple with Nexus tablet " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 27 Google Inc will sell its first tablet from mid-July for $199  hoping to replicate its smartphone success in a hotly contested market now dominated by Amazon.com Inc's Kindle Fire and Apple Inc's iPad."
"UPDATE 4-Judge halts sales of Samsung Galaxy Tab in U.S. " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 26 A U.S. judge on Tuesday backed Apple Inc's request to stop Samsung Electronics  selling its Galaxy Tab 10.1 tablet in the United States  giving the iPhone maker a significant win in the global smartphone and tablet patent wars."
"US STOCKS-Futures flat ahead of EU summit " "* In win for Apple  judge halts U.S. sales of Samsung tablet"
"Google goes up against Amazon  Apple with Nexus tablet " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc will sell its first tablet from mid-July for $199  hoping to replicate its smartphone success in a hotly contested market now dominated by Amazon.com Inc's Kindle Fire and Apple Inc's iPad."
"Google's Chrome browser to be available on Apple's iPad  iPhone " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc's Chrome  the world's top Internet browser  is now available on the iPhone and iPad  as Apple Inc finally granted access to its arch-foe's more popular Web-surfing app."
"Google's Chrome browser to be available on Apple's iPad  iPhone " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 28 Chrome  Google Inc's  Internet browser  will be made available on the iPhone and iPad  two hot devices manufactured by Google's fierce rival Apple Inc."
"Rights group says Apple suppliers in China breaking labor laws " "HONG KONG Apple Inc's suppliers in China have violated local labor laws when they imposed excessive overtime and skimped on insurance  a New York-based labor rights group said."
"Rights group says Apple suppliers in China breaking labour laws " "HONG KONG  June 28 Apple Inc's  suppliers in China have violated local labour laws when they imposed excessive overtime and skimped on insurance  a New York-based labour rights group said."
"UPDATE 1-Google's Chrome browser to be available on Apple's iPad  iPhone " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 28 Google Inc's  Chrome  the world's top Internet browser  is now available on the iPhone and iPad  as Apple Inc finally granted access to its arch-foe's more popular Web-surfing app."
"Apple scores second legal win vs Samsung in a week " "SAN JOSE  California A U.S. judge on Friday granted Apple Inc's  request for a pre-trial injunction against the sale of Samsung Electronics Co Ltd's  Galaxy Nexus phone  handing the iPhone maker its second legal victory against Samsung in a week."
"Google's Chrome browser to be available on Apple's iPad  iPhone " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc's Chrome  the world's top Internet browser  is now available on the iPhone and iPad  as Apple Inc finally granted access to its arch-foe's more popular Web-surfing app."
"UPDATE 2-Apple scores 2nd legal win vs Samsung in a week " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  June 29 A U.S. judge on Friday granted Apple Inc's request for a pre-trial injunction against the sale of Samsung Electronics Co Ltd's  Galaxy Nexus phone  handing the iPhone maker its second legal victory against Samsung in a week."
"UPDATE 3-Apple scores 2nd legal win vs Samsung in a week " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  June 29 A U.S. judge on Friday granted Apple Inc's request for a pre-trial injunction against the sale of Samsung Electronics Co Ltd's  Galaxy Nexus phone  handing the iPhone maker its second legal victory against Samsung in a week."
"Italian regulator threatens Apple with new fines-source " "MILAN  July 1 Italy's competition regulator is threatening Apple Inc with further fines of up to 300 000 euros ($381 000) if it does not offer local customers a free two-year warranty as demanded by Italian law  a source close to the watchdog said on Sunday."
"Amazon buys map startup UpNext: report " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc  reportedly agreed on Monday to buy mapping startup UpNext  the latest sign of increased competition between the world's largest Internet retailer and tech rivals such as Google Inc  and Apple Inc ."
"Amazon buys map startup UpNext - report " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 2 Amazon.com Inc  reportedly agreed on Monday to buy mapping startup UpNext  the latest sign of increased competition between the world's largest Internet retailer and tech rivals such as Google Inc  and Apple Inc."
"Apple pays $60 million to settle China iPad trademark dispute " "SHANGHAI Apple Inc has paid $60 million to Proview Technology (Shenzhen) to end a protracted legal dispute over the iPad trademark in China."
"Apple settles China iPad trademark dispute for $60 mln " "SHANGHAI  July 2 Apple Inc has paid $60 million to China's Proview Technology (Shenzhen) to settle a dispute over the iPad trademark  a Chinese provincial court said on Monday."
"Apple threatened in Italy with fine  temporary closure " "ROME Apple Inc was threatened with the temporary closure of its operations in Italy and with further fines of up to 300 000 euros ($377 500) if it does not offer customers a free two-year warranty as demanded by Italian law."
"Apple threatened in Italy with fine  temporary closure " "ROME  July 2 Apple Inc was threatened with the temporary closure of its operations in Italy and with further fines of up to 300 000 euros ($377 500) if it does not offer customers a free two-year warranty as demanded by Italian law."
"UPDATE 4-Apple pays $60 mln to settle China iPad trademark dispute " "SHANGHAI  July 2 Apple Inc has paid $60 million to Proview Technology (Shenzhen) to end a protracted legal dispute over the iPad trademark in China."
"Apple says disagrees with Italy antitrust complaint " "MILAN Apple Inc on Tuesday disputed an order by Italian regulators that the company must clearly offer a free two-year warranty on its electronics or face fines of 300 000 euros ($378 200) and possible temporary closure of its Italian operations."
"Apple says disagrees with Italy antitrust complaint " "MILAN  July 3 U.S. tech giant Apple  disputed on Tuesday a request by the Italian competition authority that it must offer a free two-year warranty on its goods or face fines of 300 000 euros ($378 200) and even temporary closure of its Italian operations."
"MARKET PULSE: Microsoft  Apple  Google  BlackRock " "July 3 Some U.S. stocks on the move on Tuesday:"
"MARKET PULSE: Microsoft  Apple  Google  BlackRock " "MICROSOFT CORP  Monday close $30.56  down 2 pct premarket"
"RPT-UPDATE 3-Samsung loses bid to lift ban on U.S. tablet sales " "* Third setback for South Korean electronics firm in a week"
"Samsung loses bid to lift ban on U.S. tablet sales " "A U.S. judge on Monday rejected a request by Samsung Electronics Co. to lift a ban on U.S. sales of its Galaxy Tab 10.1  dealing a third legal setback to the South Korean firm in just a week  as it braces for a make-or-break patent trial later this month with Apple Inc."
"UPDATE 1-Apple says disagrees with Italy antitrust complaint " "MILAN  July 3 Apple Inc on Tuesday disputed an order by Italian regulators that the company must clearly offer a free two-year warranty on its electronics or face fines of 300 000 euros ($378 200) and possible temporary closure of its Italian operations."
"UPDATE 3-Samsung loses bid to lift ban on U.S. tablet sales " "July 2 A U.S. judge on Monday rejected a request by Samsung Electronics Co. to lift a ban on U.S. sales of its Galaxy Tab 10.1  dealing a third legal setback to the South Korean firm in just a week  as it braces for a make-or-break patent trial later this month with Apple Inc ."
"US denies Apple request for immediate HTC smartphone ban " "WASHINGTON  July 3 A U.S. trade panel has turned down Apple's request to immediately ban some HTC  smartphones from being imported into the United States because of accusations that they infringe on an Apple patent."
"Apple suffers UK patent defeat to HTC " "LONDON  July 4 Taiwan's HTC on Wednesday won a London court ruling against U.S. tech giant Apple Inc over a series of patent infringement claims linked to technology used in its mobile devices."
"Get in line: one Apple store per 216 million Chinese " "SHANGHAI Apple Inc  has more retail stores in Pennsylvania than in all of China - where it earns a fifth of its revenue - and a slow pace of expansion may cost the firm more than just sales."
"Get in line: one Apple store per 216 million Chinese " "SHANGHAI  July 4 Apple Inc has more retail stores in Pennsylvania than in all of China - where it earns a fifth of its revenue - and a slow pace of expansion may cost the firm more than just sales."
"UPDATE 1-U.S. Judge rejects Samsung request to lift stay on Nexus sales " "July 3 A U.S. judge on Tuesday rejected a request by Samsung Electronics Co. to lift a pre-trial injunction against sales of its Galaxy Nexus phone  another legal setback for the South Korean firm ahead of an upcoming court battle with Apple Inc.."
"U.S. Judge rejects Samsung request to lift stay on Nexus sales " "A U.S. judge on Tuesday rejected a request by Samsung Electronics Co. to lift a pre-trial injunction against sales of its Galaxy Nexus phone  another legal setback for the South Korean firm ahead of an upcoming court battle with Apple Inc.."
"Apple's Jobs tapped France 3615 for pre-internet ideas " "PARIS  July 5 The man who turned Apple into a web-connected empire of consumer gadgets drew some of his inspiration from a table-top box that wired French households to networked information way before the arrival of mass Internet  a French telecoms engineer says."
"Apple's Jobs tapped France 3615 for pre-internet ideas " "PARIS The man who turned Apple into a web-connected empire of consumer gadgets drew some of his inspiration from a table-top box that wired French households to networked information way before the arrival of mass Internet  a French telecoms engineer says."
"Factbox: History of the mobile technology patent war " "Mobile technology has been a hotbed of patent litigation in recent years  with Apple Inc   Microsoft Corp   HTC Corp   Motorola  Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  and Nokia  locked in legal battles over the property rights to scrolling on multitouch screens  product designs and - in lawsuits aimed at Google Inc's  Android - the operating system on mobile devices."
"Galaxy to power record $5.9 bln profit  but Samsung sweats over euro " "SEOUL  July 6 Soaraway sales of the Galaxy smartphone will drive record quarterly profit of $5.9 billion at Samsung Electronics  though the South Korean tech giant is fretting over how Europe's debt crisis is denting demand in its biggest market for televisions and home appliances."
"Judge who shelved Apple trial says patent system out of sync " "CHICAGO The U.S. judge who tossed out one of the biggest court cases in Apple Inc's  smartphone technology battle is questioning whether patents should cover software or most other industries at all."
"MARKET PULSE: Visteon  Apple  Netflix  Yelp " "July 5 Some U.S. stocks on the move on Thursday:"
"U.S. judge rejects Samsung request to lift stay on Nexus sales " "A U.S. judge on Tuesday rejected a request by Samsung Electronics Co. to lift a pre-trial injunction against sales of its Galaxy Nexus phone  another legal setback for the South Korean firm ahead of an upcoming court battle with Apple Inc.."
"Yelp rises on reports of integration with Apple maps " "Shares of Yelp Inc  jumped 12 percent on Thursday following media reports that Apple Inc  is planning to integrate the customer reviews website's services into the new maps application in the latest version of its operating system."
"Samsung wins bid to sell Nexus in Apple court battle " "WASHINGTON Samsung Electronics scored a partial victory against arch-foe Apple Inc on Friday after a U.S. appeals court lifted a freeze on sales of its Galaxy Nexus smartphones but upheld a lower court's decision to temporarily halt sales of its Galaxy 10.1 tablet computer."
"UPDATE 2-Samsung wins bid to sell Nexus in Apple court battle " "WASHINGTON  July 6 Samsung Electronics  scored a partial victory against arch-foe Apple Inc  on Friday after a U.S. appeals court lifted a freeze on sales of its Galaxy Nexus smartphones but upheld a lower court's decision to temporarily halt sales of its Galaxy 10.1 tablet computer."
"Samsung wins bid to sell Nexus in Apple court battle " "WASHINGTON Samsung Electronics scored a partial victory against arch-foe Apple Inc on Friday after a U.S. appeals court lifted a freeze on sales of its Galaxy Nexus smartphones but upheld a lower court's decision to temporarily halt sales of its Galaxy 10.1 tablet computer."
"Samsung wins court case against Apple because it's ""not as cool"" " "LONDON Samsung Electronics defeated Apple in the latest spat in the rivals' patent wars when a British judge ruled Samsung's Galaxy tablets did not infringe the U.S. company's designs for the iPad because they were ""not as cool""."
"Samsung wins court case against Apple because it's ""not as cool"" " "* UK court: Samsung designs differ because they're not understated like Apple"
"Einhorn says Fed stimulus counterproductive " "David Einhorn  founder and president of hedge fund Greenlight Capital  told CNBC on Tuesday that the U.S. Federal Reserve's economic stimulus program was counterproductive."
"Google to pay $22.5 mln to settle privacy charges - WSJ " "July 10 Google Inc is close to paying $22.5 million to settle charges that it bypassed the privacy settings of customers using Apple's Safari browser  the Wall Street Journal reported  citing officials briefed on the settlement terms."
"Greenlight's Einhorn says stimulus 'counterproductive'-CNBC " "July 10 David Einhorn  founder and president of hedge fund Greenlight Capital  told CNBC on Tuesday that the U.S. Federal Reserve's economic stimulus was ""counterproductive"" and that he still favored Apple Inc."
"UPDATE 1-Google to pay $22.5 mln to settle privacy charges-source " "July 10 Google Inc is close to settling charges that it bypassed the privacy settings of customers using Apple Inc's Safari browser  according to two sources familiar with the matter."
"UPDATE 1-New iPad hits China July 20  well behind other markets " "July 10 Apple Inc's latest iPad finally hits store shelves in China on July 20  months after the newest model of the tablet computer went on sale around the globe  the company said on Tuesday."
"China pips Apple on iPhone 5 launch " " "
"China preempts Apple on iPhone 5 launch " "SHANGHAI Apple Inc's  next-generation iPhone has not even been released yet  but opportunistic sellers on China's largest e-commerce platform  Taobao  are already accepting pre-orders  complete with mock-up pictures and purported technical specifications."
"NTT Docomo: expects to hit smartphones sales target " "TOKYO Japan's biggest mobile carrier NTT Docomo Inc has sold 2.8 million smartphones since April and expects to achieve its sales target of 13 million smartphones in the year to next March  its president told Reuters."
"UPDATE 1-China pips Apple on iPhone 5 launch " "SHANGHAI  July 12 Apple Inc's  next-generation iPhone has not even been released yet  but opportunistic sellers on China's largest e-commerce platform  Taobao  are already accepting pre-orders  complete with mock-up pictures and purported technical specifications."
"Apple rejoins green registry  admits exit was mistake " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc rejoined the EPEAT environmental ratings system on Friday  acknowledging that its decision to stop participating in a program that rates the green credentials of electronic products was a mistake."
"Apple rejoins ""green registry "" admits exit was mistake " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 13 Apple Inc  rejoined the ""EPEAT"" environmental ratings system on Friday  acknowledging that its decision to stop participating in a program that rates the green credentials of electronic products was a mistake."
"Despite sanctions  Apple gear booms in Iran " "DUBAI At its gleaming store  RadanMac offers the latest Apple gear - the new iPad  iPhones  iPods  laptops  all-in-one desktop computers and more."
"Insight: Despite sanctions  Apple gear booms in Iran " "DUBAI At its gleaming store  RadanMac offers the latest Apple gear - the new iPad  iPhones  iPods  laptops  all-in-one desktop computers and more."
"INSIGHT-Despite sanctions  Apple gear booms in Iran " "DUBAI  July 13 At its gleaming store  RadanMac offers the latest Apple gear - the new iPad  iPhones  iPods  laptops  all-in-one desktop computers and more."
"UPDATE 1-Apple rejoins green registry  admits exit was mistake " "* Reversal comes after reports of buyers reconsidering products"
"FEATURE-The brave new world of tomorrow's tablets " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 15 Tablets with paper-thin screens that can be folded and tucked into your back pocket  artificial intelligence and augmented reality -- the stuff of science fiction may be coming to a store near you."
"Nokia cuts US price of flagship smartphone in half " "* Nokia losing market share to Apple  Samsung  other rivals"
"The brave new world of tomorrow's tablets " "SAN FRANCISCO Tablets with paper-thin screens that can be folded and tucked into your back pocket  artificial intelligence and augmented reality -- the stuff of science fiction may be coming to a store near you."
"RPT-FEATURE-The brave new world of tomorrow's tablets " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 15 Tablets with paper-thin screens that can be folded and tucked into your back pocket  artificial intelligence and augmented reality -- the stuff of science fiction may be coming to a store near you."
"The brave new world of tomorrow's tablets " "SAN FRANCISCO Tablets with paper-thin screens that can be folded and tucked into your back pocket  artificial intelligence and augmented reality -- the stuff of science fiction may be coming to a store near you."
"Apple's next iPhone to have thinner screen: WSJ " "Apple Inc's next iPhone will use a new technology that makes the smartphone's screen thinner  the Wall Street Journal said  citing people familiar with the matter."
"Apple's next iPhone to have thinner screen - WSJ " "July 17 Apple Inc's next iPhone will use a new technology that makes the smartphone's screen thinner  the Wall Street Journal said  citing people familiar with the matter."
"Judge rejects secrecy bids in Apple vs. Samsung battle " "SAN FRANCISCO A U.S. judge rejected several requests by Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd to keep portions of key documents out of public view in their high-stakes patent litigation battle set for trial later this month."
"Judge rejects secrecy bids in Apple vs. Samsung battle " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 17 A U.S. judge rejected several requests by Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd to keep portions of key documents out of public view in their high-stakes patent litigation battle set for trial later this month."
"Nokia investors brace for weak Q2 phone sales " "HELSINKI  July 19 Nokia investors are bracing for the Finnish mobile phone maker to report weak sales of the Lumia phones that are crucial to its turnaround effort and a rapidly diminishing cash pile  in its second-quarter results later on Thursday."
"Nokia investors brace for weak second-quarter phone sales " "HELSINKI Nokia investors are bracing for the Finnish mobile phone maker to report weak sales of the Lumia phones that are crucial to its turnaround effort and a rapidly diminishing cash pile  in its second-quarter results later on Thursday."
"Apple must run ""Samsung did not copy iPad"" ads: report " "LONDON Apple has been instructed by a British judge to run ads saying that Samsung did not copy its design for the iPad in the latest twist in the ongoing patent battles between the two tech giants  according to Bloomberg."
"Apple must run 'Samsung did not copy iPad' ads-report " "LONDON  July 19 Apple has been instructed by a British judge to run ads saying that Samsung  did not copy its design for the iPad in the latest twist in the ongoing patent battles between the two tech giants  according to Bloomberg."
"Steve Jobs shouldn't influence upcoming Apple/Samsung trial-judge " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  July 18 A U.S. judge on Wednesday approved Apple Inc's request to bar disparaging statements by Steve Jobs about Google's Android operating system from an upcoming patent trial against Samsung Electronics Co Ltd."
"Steve Jobs shouldn't influence upcoming Apple/Samsung trial: judge " "SAN JOSE  California A U.S. judge on Wednesday approved Apple Inc's request to bar disparaging statements by Steve Jobs about Google's Android operating system from an upcoming patent trial against Samsung Electronics Co Ltd."
"Apple's latest iPad makes low-key debut in China " "SHANGHAI Apple Inc  staged a low-key launch of its latest iPad in China on Friday  free of the chaotic scenes that plagued the tech darling's previous product debuts in its most promising growth market."
"Apple's latest iPad makes low-key debut in China " "SHANGHAI Apple Inc staged a low-key launch of its latest iPad in China on Friday  free of the chaotic scenes that plagued the tech darling's previous product debuts in its most promising growth market."
"Apple's latest iPad makes low-key debut in China " "SHANGHAI  July 20 Apple Inc staged a low-key launch of its latest iPad in China on Friday  free of the chaotic scenes that plagued the tech darling's previous product debuts in its most promising growth market."
"TEXT-Fitch:Apple Vs Samsung - compromises to emerge as disputes drag on " "July 20 - The decision by a London court ordering Apple Inc. to publicly correct any impression that Samsung Electronics ('A+'/Stable) was copying Apple's  iPad stands in stark contrast to a ruling by a US court. The US court had upheld Apple's claims  and placed partial injunctions against the sale of Samsung's products in the US."
"UPDATE 1-Apple's latest iPad makes low-key debut in China " "SHANGHAI  July 20 Apple Inc staged a low-key launch of its latest iPad in China on Friday  free of the chaotic scenes that plagued the tech darling's previous product debuts in its most promising growth market."
"Wall Street Week Ahead: Apple  Facebook take the spotlight " "NEW YORK The trend of better-than-expected earnings will be put to the test in the coming week when investors hope Apple  can exceed already high expectations for the tech giant and Facebook  reports its first quarterly earnings."
"Wall St Week Ahead: Apple  Facebook take the spotlight " "NEW YORK  July 20 The trend of better-than-expected earnings will be put to the test in the coming week when investors hope Apple can exceed already high expectations for the tech giant and Facebook  reports its first quarterly earnings."
"Apple heads into choppy waters as new iPhone awaited " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc faces an unusual phenomenon when reporting earnings this time around: low expectations."
"Kodak loses patent case vs. Apple  RIM; plans appeal " "Eastman Kodak Co has lost an appeal of a patent dispute over digital image preview technology with Apple Inc and Research In Motion Ltd  which could set back the onetime photography giant's efforts to raise money in bankruptcy by selling patents."
"Kodak loses patent case vs Apple  RIM; plans appeal " "July 22 Eastman Kodak Co has lost an appeal of a patent dispute over digital image preview technology with Apple Inc and Research In Motion Ltd  which could set back the onetime photography giant's efforts to raise money in bankruptcy by selling patents."
"RPT-Wall St Week Ahead: Apple  Facebook take the spotlight " "NEW YORK  July 22 The trend of better-than-expected earnings will be put to the test this week when investors hope Apple can exceed already high expectations and Facebook reports its first quarterly earnings."
"Appeals court says Kodak does not infringe Apple patent " "WASHINGTON An appeals court ruled on Monday that Eastman Kodak Co  did not infringe on patented Apple Inc  technology for digital cameras  three days after the bankrupt former photo giant suffered a major setback in a separate patent case against Apple."
"Appeals court says Kodak does not infringe Apple patent " "WASHINGTON  July 23 An appeals court ruled on Monday that Eastman Kodak C o did not infringe on patented Apple Inc technology for digital cameras  three days after the bankrupt former photo giant suffered a major setback in a separate patent case against Apple."
"Apple heads into choppy waters as new iPhone awaited " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc faces an unusual phenomenon when reporting earnings this time around: low expectations."
"Apple options beckon eager investors  no matter how small " "July 23 Roger Carlsen  a retired investor in Frankfurt  Illinois  has happily watched his holdings of Apple Inc rise to more than $600 a share  having held the stock for 12 years."
"Apple options beckon eager investors  no matter how small " "Roger Carlsen  a retired investor in Frankfurt  Illinois  has happily watched his holdings of Apple Inc rise to more than $600 a share  having held the stock for 12 years."
"Apple vs Samsung patent trial kicks off in Australia " "SYDNEY Apple Inc  and Samsung Electronics Co  began the latest round of their long-running global patent war on Monday as an Australian judge started hearing evidence for an anticipated three-month long trial."
"Apple vs Samsung patent trial kicks off in Australia " "SYDNEY Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co began the latest round of their long-running global patent war on Monday as an Australian judge started hearing evidence for an anticipated three-month long trial."
"Exclusive: Apple  Samsung chiefs disagree on patent values - source " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook and top Samsung Electronic Co Ltd executives disagreed last week on the value of each other's patents at a settlement conference ahead of a high profile U.S. trial  according to a source familiar with the matter."
"RPT-UPDATE 1-Apple vs Samsung patent trial kicks off in Australia " "(Repeats story first published late on Monday; no change to text)"
"Apple blames quarterly miss on new model anticipation  economy " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc's results fell short of Wall Street's expectations as the European economy sagged and consumers held off on buying its flagship iPhone ahead of a new version expected in the fall  hitting its stock price."
"Apple claims $2.5 billion damages in Samsung patent case " "Apple Inc claims it is entitled to $2.525 billion of damages in its high-stakes battle against Samsung Electronics Co over patents for technology used in smartphones and tablets  such as the iPhone and iPad. | Video "
"Apple estimates $2.525 bln damages in Samsung battle " "* Samsung say its technology actually fueled Apple's profits"
"Apple heads into choppy waters as new iPhone awaited " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc faces an unusual phenomenon when reporting earnings this time around: low expectations."
"Apple revenue misses Wall Street forecasts  shares plunge " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 24 Apple Inc's  quarterly revenue missed Wall Street expectations as brisk sales of new iPads failed to offset lower-than-expected sales of its iPhones  sending its shares down almost five percent."
"Exclusive: Apple  Samsung chiefs disagree on patent values: source " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook and top Samsung Electronic Co Ltd executives disagreed last week on the value of each other's patents at a settlement conference ahead of a high profile U.S. trial  according to a source familiar with the matter. | Video "
"Instant View: Apple's iPhone sales miss  Netflix's shaky outlook unnerve Street " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc missed Wall Street expectations on sales of its flagship iPhone  as consumers held off on purchases in anticipation of a new version of the smartphone in the fall. It shares slid 5 percent."
"MARKET PULSE-Apple  Pfizer  Western Union  Devry  Ryder System " "U.S. stock index futures fell on Tuesday as traders remained focused on high bond yields in Spain and as a cautious outlook from tech bellwether Texas Instruments weighed on sentiment."
"UPDATE 1-Apple claims $2.5 bln damages in Samsung patent case " "* Samsung say its technology actually fueled Apple's profits"
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Futures down after Apple Q3 results " "NEW YORK  July 24 The S&P 500 and Nasdaq index futures fell on Tuesday after Apple Inc's quarterly revenue missed Wall Street expectations  sending its shares down almost 6 percent in extended trade."
"Apple releases ""Mountain Lion"" Mac software " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc released the latest version of the operating software for its MacIntosh computers on Wednesday  touting new features such as better integration with the ""iCloud"" Internet storage service and gaming."
"Apple releases ""Mountain Lion"" Mac software " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 25 Apple Inc  released the latest version of the operating software for its MacIntosh computers on Wednesday  touting new features such as better integration with the ""iCloud"" Internet storage service and gaming."
"Apple says Samsung patent royalty demands ""unfair""-filing " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 25 Apple Inc says Samsung Electronics Co Ltd is demanding a 2.4 percent royalty rate for Samsung's standard essential patents  a rate which Samsung has never sought from any other licensee  according to a U.S. court filing on Wednesday."
"Apple says Samsung patent royalty demands unfair " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc said Samsung Electronics Co Ltd is demanding from the iPhone maker a far higher patent royalty than Apple pays to other companies  at a rate the South Korean company has never sought from any other licensee."
"European shares fall for fourth day on U.S. gloom " "LONDON  July 25 European stocks extended their fall into a fourth day on Wednesday as U.S. home sales data and revenue from consumer bellwether Apple disappointed."
"MARKET PULSE-Apple  Invensense  Riverbed  Polycom " "July 25 Some U.S. stocks on the move on Wednesday:"
"UPDATE 2-Apple says Samsung patent royalty demands unfair " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 25 Apple Inc said Samsung Electronics Co Ltd is demanding from the iPhone maker a far higher patent royalty than Ap ple p a ys to other com panies  a t a rate the South Korean company has never sought from any other licensee."
"US STOCKS-Apple bites S&P  Nasdaq; Dow up on Caterpillar  Boeing " "NEW YORK  July 25 Disappointing earnings from Apple dragged the S&P 500 and Nasdaq  down on Wednesday after initial optimism over hopes for more Fed action buoyed the markets in early morning trading."
"US STOCKS-S&P 500  Nasdaq fall on Apple's miss; Dow gains " "NEW YORK  July 25 The S&P 500 fell for a fourth day and the Nasdaq dropped on Wednesday after a rare earnings stumble from Apple  while strong results from Boeing and Caterpillar lifted the Dow."
"US STOCKS-Wall St edges up  despite Apple's miss " "NEW YORK  July 25 U.S. stocks rose modestly in choppy trading on Wednesday  putting the S&P 500 on track to snap a three-day losing streak  despite a rare earnings disappointment from Apple  the most valuable U.S. company."
"Apple's invincibility fades on iPhone miss  global woes " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc's biggest success has become its biggest risk factor. | Video "
"Apple U.S. margins for iPad about half of iPhone: filing " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc earned gross margins of 49 to 58 percent on its U.S. iPhone sales between April 2010 and the end of March 2012  while gross margins on the iPad were much lower during much of that period  according to a court filing."
"Apple U.S. margins for iPad roughly half of iPhone -court filing " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 26 Apple Inc earned gross margins of 49 to 58 percent for U.S. iPhone sales between April 2010 and the end of March 2012  while gross margins on the iPad were much lower during much of that period  according to a court filing."
"Kodak  Apple patent fight to remain in bankruptcy court " "NEW YORK Apple Inc lost on Thursday a bid to transfer its patent dispute with Eastman Kodak Co out of bankruptcy court  a move that could have complicated the photography company's plan to sell the technology."
"Kodak  Apple patent fight to remain in bankruptcy court " "NEW YORK  July 26 Apple Inc lost on Thursday a bid to transfer its patent dispute with Eastman Kodak Co out of bankruptcy court  a move that could have complicated the photography company's plan to sell the technology."
"RPT-Apple's invincibility fades on iPhone miss  global woes " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 25 Apple Inc's  biggest success has become its biggest risk factor."
"SK Hynix  LG Display tie fortunes to Apple as economy slows " "SEOUL Asian technology component makers such as SK Hynix  and LG Display  are looking to Apple to rescue the battered sector as a worsening global outlook threatens demand for high-tech gadgets."
"Smartphones to power record Samsung profit during Apple lull " "SEOUL  July 27 Samsung Electronics Co   the world's top technology firm by revenue  will report on Friday a record profit of $5.9 billion for the June quarter  as rampant sales of its Galaxy S mobile phone helped stretch its lead over Apple Inc."
"UPDATE 1-Apple U.S. margins for iPad about half of iPhone -filing " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 26 Apple Inc earned gross margins of 49 to 58 percent on its U.S. iPhone sales between April 2010 and the end of March 2012  while gross margins on the iPad were much lower during much of that period  according to a court filing."
"WRAPUP 1-SK Hynix  LG Display tie fortunes to Apple as economy slows " "* Hynix Q2 operating profit 22.8 bln won  misses forecast"
"Apple buys mobile security firm AuthenTec for $356 million " "Apple Inc  will buy fingerprint sensor technology developer AuthenTec Inc  for about $356 million  striking a deal that could put its iPhone at the center of the emerging mobile payments market."
"Apple  Samsung take patent fight to crucial California trial " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd take their battle for mobile supremacy to court on Monday in one of the biggest-ever technology patent trials  a case with the potential to reshape a fast-evolving market they now dominate."
"Apple supplier Catcher confirms casualties at China plant " "TAIPEI  July 27 Catcher Technology  a casing supplier for Apple Inc  confirmed on Friday a report that a gas leak at one of its plants in Suzhou  eastern China  had caused casualties  but said the accident was unrelated to production."
"Factbox: Apple deals behind recent features in iProducts " "Apple Inc  agreed to buy fingerprint sensor developer AuthenTec Inc  for about $356 million in a deal that could help the iPhone maker offer secure transactions in the emerging mobile payments market."
"Kodak  Apple patent fight to remain in bankruptcy court " "NEW YORK Apple Inc lost on Thursday a bid to transfer its patent dispute with Eastman Kodak Co out of bankruptcy court  a move that could have complicated the photography company's plan to sell the technology."
"Samsung sold 50.5 million smartphones in second quarter  almost twice what Apple sold: report " "SEOUL Samsung Electronics Co  the world's top smartphone maker  sold 50.5 million smartphones in the second quarter  stretching its lead over rival Apple Inc  a report by research firm StrategyAnalytics showed."
"Samsung sold 50.5 mln smartphones in Q2  almost twice what Apple sold-report " "SEOUL  July 27 Samsung Electronics Co   the world's top smartphone maker  sold 50.5 million smartphones in the second quarter  stretching its lead over rival Apple Inc  a report by research firm StrategyAnalytics showed."
"Smartphones power record Samsung profit of $5.9 billion during Apple lull " "SEOUL Samsung Electronics Co  the world's top technology firm by revenue  reported on Friday a record operating profit of $5.9 billion for the June quarter  as rampant Galaxy S handset sales helped stretch its lead over Apple Inc."
"UPDATE 1-Apple  Samsung take patent fight to crucial Calif. trial " "* Federal court trial expected to last at least one month"
"UPDATE 4-Smartphones power record Samsung profit of $5.9 bln during Apple lull " "* Handset division earns 4.19 trillion won  62 pct of total"
"Apple pondered strategic investment in Twitter -NYT " "* Deal would give Apple foothold in social media -NYT citing sources"
"Apple  Samsung take patent fight to crucial California trial " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd take their battle for mobile supremacy to court on Monday in one of the biggest-ever technology patent trials  a case with the potential to reshape a fast-evolving market they now dominate."
"Apple  Twitter not currently in discussions for stake: sources " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc  and Twitter are currently not in discussions on the mobile technology giant taking a stake in the popular social networking site  sources familiar with the matter said."
"Apple  Twitter not currently in discussions for stake - sources " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 28 Apple Inc and Twitter are currently not in discussions on the mobile technology giant taking a stake in the popular social networking site  sources familiar with the matter said."
"Analysis: Apple sounds warning bell for smartphone industry " "If Apple Inc's weaker-than-expected quarterly result is anything to go by  the global smartphone industry is a lot more vulnerable to economic shocks these days than during the 2008-2009 financial crisis."
"Apple  Samsung patent trial set to kick off  billions at stake " "July 30 Jury selection is scheduled to begin on Monday morning in a high stakes patent battle between Apple Inc  and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  the culmination of over a year of pretrial jousting with billions of dollars in the balance."
"Apple  Samsung patent trial starts with jury selection " "SAN JOSE  California A Google employee  at least five patent owners and plenty of iPhone and iPad consumers were among the potential jurors summoned to court on Monday in a high-stakes U.S. patent battle between Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd."
"NY comptroller says MTA sided with Apple for Grand Central Store " "NEW YORK  July 30 New York's Metropolitan Transportation Authority gave Apple Inc an inside advantage landing a lease for the technology company's store in Grand Central Terminal  according to an audit New York State Comptroller Thomas DiNapoli released Monday."
"NY comptroller says MTA sided with Apple for Grand Central Store " "NEW YORK New York's Metropolitan Transportation Authority gave Apple Inc an inside advantage landing a lease for the technology company's store in Grand Central Terminal  according to an audit New York State Comptroller Thomas DiNapoli released Monday."
"Taiwan university sues Apple over speech recognition patents " "TAIPEI A Taiwan university has filed a patent infringement suit against Apple Inc in a U.S. court over the iPhone maker's Siri speech recognition system  which lets users place calls or perform other tasks with voice commands  and is seeking undisclosed damages. | Video "
"Taiwan university sues Apple over speech recognition patents " "TAIPEI  July 30 A Taiwan university has filed a patent infringement suit against Apple Inc in a U.S. court over the iPhone maker's Siri speech recognition system  which lets users place calls or perform other tasks with voice commands  and is seeking undisclosed damages."
"UPDATE 2-Cirrus Logic forecasts strong 2nd-qtr revenue  shares up " "July 30 Cirrus Logic Inc forecast second-quarter revenue above analysts' estimates  after posting a better-than-expected quarterly profit  sending its shares up 19 percent in extended trade."
"UPDATE 3-Apple  Samsung US patent trial starts with jury selection " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  July 30 A Google employee  at least five patent owners and plenty of iPhone and iPad consumers were among the potential jurors summoned to court on Monday in a high-stakes U.S. patent battle between Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd."
"US STOCKS-Futures slip after two-day run; Fed  ECB eyed " "* Futures: Dow off 13 pts  S&P off 3.1 pts  Nasdaq up 1 pt"
"Amazon unveils music matching service rivaling Apple's " "* New service will scan users' iTunes libraries  among others"
"Apple gears up for Sept 12 event  stokes iPhone talk " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 30 Apple Inc is gearing up to unveil a new product at a major Sept. 12 event  a source familiar with the plan said  presaging the long-awaited launch of the redesigned iPhone."
"Apple gears up for September 12 event  stokes iPhone talk " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc is gearing up to unveil a new product at a major September 12 event  a source familiar with the plan said  presaging the long-awaited launch of the redesigned iPhone."
"Apple lawyer says Samsung deliberately chose to copy iPhone " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  July 31 An Apple attorney told jurors on Tuesday that Samsung's own internal documents show that the South Korean company made a specific decision to copy the iPhone because it could not compete in the smartphone market on its own."
"Apple may be considering stock split: Bernstein " "NEW YORK Bernstein Research on Tuesday wrote that Apple Inc  may be considering a stock split  a move that could lead to the pricy company's inclusion in the Dow Jones Industrial Average ."
"Apple may be considering stock split: Bernstein " "NEW YORK  July 31 Bernstein Research on Tuesday wrote that Apple Inc may be considering a stock split  a move that could lead to the pricy company's inclusion in the Dow Jones Industrial Average."
"Apple  Samsung launch salvos as smartphone trial heats up " "SAN JOSE  California Samsung Electronics Co Ltd told jurors that its products are not copycats of Apple Inc's iPhone but rather an example of legitimate American-style competition from the South Korean company."
"UPDATE 1-US FTC backs $22.5 mln Google settlement over Safari " "WASHINGTON  July 31 U.S. regulators will require Google Inc to pay a civil penalty of $22.5 million to settle charges that it bypassed the privacy settings of customers using Apple Inc's Safari browser  two people familiar with the matter said on Tuesday."
"UPDATE 2-Apple  Samsung launch salvos as smartphone trial heats up " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  July 31 Samsung Electronics Co Ltd told jurors that its products are not copycats of Apple Inc's iPhone but rather an example of legitimate American-style competition from the South Korean company."
"UPDATE 4-Jury selected in Apple  Samsung U.S. patent trial " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  July 30 An insurance agent  an unemployed video game enthusiast and a project manager for wireless carrier AT&T were among the 10 jurors selected to decide a high-stakes U.S. patent battle between Apple Inc  and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  with billions of dollars in the balance."
"Amazon launches Instant Video app for Apple's iPad " "Amazon.com Inc launched a video application for Apple Inc's iPad on Wednesday  the latest effort by the world's largest retailer to get its digital content on as many gadgets as possible."
"Amazon launches Instant Video app for Apple's iPad " "Aug 1 Amazon.com Inc said on Wednesday it launched a video streaming and downloading application for Apple Inc's iPad."
"Amazon unveils music matching service rivaling Apple's " "Amazon.com Inc announced a scan-and-match digital music service on Tuesday  stepping up competition with Apple Inc's iTunes."
"Apple designer: iPhone crafters are ""maniacal"" " "SAN JOSE  California Apple Inc's celebrated industrial design team is a group of around 16 ""maniacal"" individuals from all over the world who spend a lot of time brainstorming around a kitchen table."
"Apple  Samsung launch salvos as smartphone trial heats up " "SAN JOSE  California Samsung Electronics Co Ltd told jurors that its products are not copycats of Apple Inc's iPhone but rather an example of legitimate American-style competition from the South Korean company."
"Bankruptcy judge lets Kodak sell key patent " "NEW YORK Eastman Kodak Co can proceed with the sale of a key digital imaging patent  a bankruptcy judge ruled on Wednesday  saying that Apple Inc waited too long to raise a claim of infringement."
"TAKE-A-LOOK-Troubles mount at Nokia " "Nokia s hares rose up to 17 percent on Wednesday on rumours of Lenovo's interest in the company  b ut gave up all the gains after t he Eu ropean chief of the Chinese PC maker dismissed rumours as a joke.      Once the world's dominant mobile phone provider  Nokia was wrongfooted by the rise of smartphones and is struggling to keep up with Apple  Samsung and Google.     To read more on Nokia's troubles please see below:          Nokia scraps phone software to conserve cash -sources      Moody's c"
"UPDATE 1-Amazon launches Instant Video app for Apple's iPad " "Aug 1 Amazon.com Inc launched a video application for Apple Inc's iPad on Wednesday  the latest effort by the world's largest retailer to get its digital content on as many gadgets as possible."
"U.S. bankruptcy judge lets Kodak sell key patent " "NEW YORK  Aug 1 Eastman Kodak Co can proceed with the sale of a key digital imaging patent  a bankruptcy judge ruled on Wednesday  saying that Apple Inc  waited too long to raise a claim of infringement."
"Apple seeks severe punishment for Samsung lawyer's actions " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc asked a U.S. judge on Thursday to punish Samsung Electronics Co Ltd for a Samsung attorney's conduct by ordering that the South Korean company has infringed Apple's phone design patents  according to a court filing."
"Apple seeks severe punishment for Samsung lawyer's actions " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 2 Apple Inc asked a U.S. judge on Thursday to punish Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  for a Samsung attorney's conduct by ordering that the South Korean company has infringed Apple's phone design patents  according to a court filing."
"UPDATE 1-Sharp to start shipping iPhone screens to Apple this month " "TOKYO  Aug 2 Japan's Sharp Corp. will start shipping screens destined for a new Apple iPhone that is widely expected to be released in October ahead of the pre-Christmas shopping season."
"Apple exec urged firm to make 7-inch tablet in 2011 -email " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 3 A senior Apple Inc  executive urged Tim Cook in early 2011 to build a 7-inch tablet  according to an email displayed in court by Samsung Electronics  in their U.S. patents trial."
"Apple's Jobs was open to making smaller iPad: executive " "SAN JOSE  California Steve Jobs was receptive to Apple Inc making a smaller tablet  a senior executive said in a 2011 email revealed on Friday  fanning speculation that Apple plans to make a mini-iPad and take on Google and Amazon products."
"Judge tackles attorney behavior as Apple/Samsung trial rolls on " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 3 A U.S. judge rejected Apple Inc's request for severe sanctions against Samsung Electronics Co Ltd over the conduct of one of Samsung's attorneys  even as the judge said that conduct risked tainting the jury."
"Samsung to unveil new Galaxy Note in late August " "SEOUL  Aug 3 Samsung Electronics is set to take the wraps off a sequel to its popular Galaxy Note smartphone at an event on August 29  about two weeks before the possible debut of Apple's new iPhone."
"Samsung to unveil new Galaxy Note in late August " "SEOUL Samsung Electronics is set to take the wraps off a sequel to its popular Galaxy Note smartphone at an event on August 29  about two weeks before the possible debut of Apple's new iPhone."
"UPDATE 1-Apple seeks severe punishment for Samsung lawyer's actions " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 2 Apple Inc asked a U.S. judge on Thursday to punish Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  for a Samsung attorney's conduct by ordering that the South Korean company has infringed Apple's phone design patents  according to a court filing."
"UPDATE 2-Apple's Jobs was open to making smaller iPad-exec " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  Aug 3 Steve Jobs was receptive to Apple Inc making a smaller tablet  a senior executive said in a 2011 email revealed on Friday  fanning speculation that Apple plans to make a mini-iPad and take on Google and Amazon products."
"Apple's Jobs was open to making a smaller iPad: executive " "SAN JOSE  California Steve Jobs was receptive to Apple Inc making a smaller tablet  a senior executive said in a 2011 email revealed on Friday  fanning speculation it plans to make a mini-iPad to take on cheaper gadgets from Google Inc and Amazon."
"UPDATE 3-Apple's Jobs was open to making a smaller iPad -exec " "* Eddy Cue lobbied for mini-iPad  Jobs was ""receptive""     * Apple reveals billion dollar ad-spend for iPhone  iPad     * Judge warns attorneys against 'theatrics'       By Poornima Gupta     SAN JOSE  Calif.  Aug 3 Steve Jobs was receptive to Apple Inc making a smaller tablet  a senior executive said in a 2011 email revealed on Friday  fanning speculation it plans to make a mini-iPad to take on cheaper gadgets from Google Inc and Amazon.     An Apple mini-version of the market-domin"
"Apple and Samsung take Australian legal battle to the ""hot tub"" " "SYDNEY Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd are embroiled in a high-stakes patent battle in several countries around the world  but only in Australia are they also engaged in ""hot tubbing."""
"Apple: iPhones created design crisis for Samsung " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  Aug 6 Apple Inc  trotted out a veteran designer to bolster its claims that Samsung Electronics copied the iPhone  after the smartphone's 2007 launch triggered a ""crisis in design"" for the South Korean electronics giant."
"Apple says license to include YouTube app in iOS has ended " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 6 APPLE INC SAYS LICENSE TO INCLUDE GOOGLE INC YOUTUBE APP IN IOS SOFTWARE HAS ENDED APPLE SAYS GOOGLE WORKING ON VERSION OF YOUTUBE APP THAT WILL BE AVAILABLE IN IOS APP STORE"
"Apple says YouTube app won't be included in new mobile software " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 6 Apple Inc's new version of its iPhone and iPad software will not include a pre-packaged app for Google Inc's popular video website  YouTube  Apple said on Monday."
"Apple won't include YouTube app in new mobile software " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc's new version of its iPhone and iPad software will not include a pre-loaded app for Google Inc's popular video website  YouTube  Apple said on Monday."
"Knight's market-making volume picks up -AutEx data " "NEW YORK  Aug 6 Knight Capital Group's  market-making volume picked up on Monday following last week's software errors that almost brought the company down  Thomson Reuters AutEx data showed."
"Knight's market-making volume picks up: AutEx data " "NEW YORK Knight Capital Group's  market-making volume picked up on Monday following last week's software errors that almost brought the company down  Thomson Reuters AutEx data showed."
"Samsung  Apple spar over gadgets' specs " "SAN JOSE  California Apple Inc trotted out a veteran designer to bolster its claims that Samsung Electronics copied the iPhone  after the smartphone's 2007 launch triggered a ""crisis in design"" for the South Korean electronics giant."
"UPDATE 1-Samsung  Apple spar over gadgets' specs " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  Aug 6 Apple Inc  trotted out a veteran designer to bolster its claims that Samsung Electronics copied the iPhone  after the smartphone's 2007 launch triggered a ""crisis in design"" for the South Korean electronics giant."
"UPDATE 2-Apple won't include YouTube app in new mobile software " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 6 Apple Inc's new version of its iPhone and iPad software will not include a pre-loaded app for Google Inc's popular video website  YouTube  Apple said on Monday."
"Apple  Google bid on Kodak patents - report " "Aug 6 Eastman Kodak  which is planning to auction 1 100 digital patents  received two bids from investor groups including Apple Inc and Google Inc  of between $150 million and $250 million  the Wall Street Journal reported on Monday."
"Apple  Google bid on Kodak patents: report " "Eastman Kodak  which is planning to auction 1 100 digital patents  received two bids from investor groups including Apple Inc and Google Inc of between $150 million and $250 million  the Wall Street Journal reported on Monday."
"Apple won't include YouTube app in new mobile software " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc's new version of its iPhone and iPad software will not include a pre-loaded app for Google Inc's popular video website  YouTube  Apple said on Monday. | Video "
"Former Apple designer says Samsung phones ""confusingly similar"" " "* Original Mac icon designer says Samsung phones confused her"
"Former Apple designer says Samsung phones looked similar " "SAN JOSE  California The focus of Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics courtroom battle shifted to the iPhone's iconic display on Tuesday  as the U.S. company called on a former employee and award-winning graphic designer to back up claims that Samsung gadgets look ""confusingly similar."" | Video "
"Smartphone maker HTC shares hit nearly 4-yr low on grim outlook " "TAIPEI Shares of HTC  plunged by their daily limit for a second straight session to an almost four-year low on Tuesday  after the Taiwanese smartphone maker's forecast for a slide in quarterly revenue led to a raft of brokerage downgrades."
"UPDATE 1-Apple  Google bid on Kodak patents - report " "Aug 6 Eastman Kodak  which is planning to auction 1 100 digital patents  received two bids from investor groups including Apple Inc and Google Inc  of between $150 million and $250 million  the Wall Street Journal reported on Monday."
"UPDATE 1-Former Apple designer says Samsung phones looked similar " "* Original Mac icon designer says Samsung phones confused her"
"UPDATE 2-Hon Hai in talks with Sharp over bigger stake  lower price " "* Hon Hai  Sharp to issue statement this week - Hon Hai spokesman"
"Apple options soar as market awaits dividend " "* Shareholders at Wednesday's close eligible for $2.65 dividend"
"Exclusive: Amazon seeks leader for patent acquisitions " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc is recruiting a cadre of intellectual property experts for a push into patent acquisition and licensing  the latest turn in its intensifying battles with Apple Inc and Google Inc in mobile devices and digital content."
"Google bolsters voice search app for iPhone " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 8 Google Inc showed off enhancements to its voice-based search technology for Apple Inc's iPhone and said it was testing a new service that will combine its Web-based email with its search engine."
"Google bolsters voice search app for iPhone " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc showed off enhancements to its voice-based search technology for Apple Inc's iPhone and said it was testing a new service that will combine its Web-based email with its search engine."
"Google pays $22.5 million to settle Apple Safari charges " "WASHINGTON Google Inc will pay $22.5 million to settle charges it bypassed the privacy settings of customers using Apple Inc's Safari browser  the U.S. Federal Trade Commission said on Thursday."
"UPDATE 2-GN Store Nord says to launch new hearing aids " "* Q2 underlying EBITA 185 mln Danish crowns vs 180 mln poll"
"Courtroom tension boils in Apple-Samsung showdown " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  Aug 10 It was the end of a long week in court in the Apple-Samsung legal war  and Samsung attorney John Quinn was trying to block his adversary  Apple attorney Bill Lee  from showing the jury a document."
"RPT-Courtroom tension boils in Apple-Samsung showdown " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  Aug 10 It was the end of a long week in court in the Apple-Samsung legal war  and Samsung attorney John Quinn was trying to block his adversary  Apple attorney Bill Lee  from showing the jury a document."
"Samsung takes on Apple at trial over value of phone features " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  Aug 10 An Apple Inc  expert witness testified on Friday that consumers would be willing to pay $100 for three patented smartphone features that are at issue in its high stakes trial against Samsung Electronics Co Ltd."
"Samsung takes on Apple at trial over value of phone features " "SAN JOSE  California An Apple Inc expert witness testified on Friday that consumers would be willing to pay $100 for three patented smartphone features that are at issue in its high stakes trial against Samsung Electronics Co Ltd."
"Samsung takes on Apple over value of phone features " "SAN JOSE  California An Apple Inc expert witness testified on Friday that consumers would be willing to pay $100 for three patented smartphone features that are at issue in its high stakes trial against Samsung Electronics Co Ltd."
"UPDATE 1-Samsung takes on Apple over value of phone features " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  Aug 10 An Apple Inc  expert witness testified on Friday that consumers would be willing to pay $100 for three patented smartphone features that are at issue in its high stakes trial against Samsung Electronics Co Ltd."
"Apple expert shines light on Samsung sales in U.S. " "SAN JOSE Apple Inc is claiming that more than a quarter of Samsung Electronics' $30.4 billion in U.S. smartphone and tablet sales result from copying of the iPhone and iPad or infringe on other patents  a damages expert for the U.S. company said on Monday."
"Apple has licensed design patents to Microsoft-exec " "SAN JOSE  Aug 13 Apple Inc licensed its prized design patents to Microsoft Corp but with an ""anti-cloning agreement"" to prevent copying of its iPhone and iPad  an Apple executive said on Monday."
"UPDATE 2-Apple expert shines light on Samsung sales in U.S. " "* Gross margins on Samsung phones in lawsuit 35.5 percent-expert"
"Apple expert shines light on Samsung sales in U.S. " "SAN JOSE Apple Inc is claiming that more than a quarter of Samsung Electronics' $30.4 billion in U.S. smartphone and tablet sales result from copying of the iPhone and iPad or infringe on other patents  a damages expert for the U.S. company said on Monday. | Video "
"At trial  it's Samsung's turn to say Apple copied " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  Aug 14 A Samsung Electronics Co Ltd expert witness testified on Tuesday that Apple Inc's iPhone and iPad violate three of Samsung's patents  as the South Korean electronics company went on offense in the third week of a high stakes trial."
"At trial  it's Samsung's turn to say Apple copied " "SAN JOSE  California A Samsung Electronics Co Ltd expert witness testified on Tuesday that Apple Inc's iPhone and iPad violate three of Samsung's patents  as the South Korean electronics company went on offense in the third week of a high stakes trial."
"UPDATE 1-At trial  it's Samsung's turn to say Apple copied " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  Aug 14 A Samsung Electronics Co Ltd expert witness testified on Tuesday that Apple Inc's iPhone and iPad violate three of Samsung's patents  as the South Korean electronics company went on offense in the third week of a high stakes trial."
"UPDATE 1-Mobile phone sales outlook stalling-Gartner " "* Consumers holding back from upgrading to new devices     * Q2 mobile phone sales down 2 pct     * Samsung extends lead over Apple  is new market leader       HELSINKI  Aug 14 Research firm Gartner reported a dip in global sales of mobile phones for the second quarter in a row and will likely cut its 2012 outlook as consumers hold back on handset upgrades due to economic uncertainty.     The research group  whose data is widely used in the mobile sector  also said handset maker Sams"
"Cheap and cheerful  Chinese phones outsmart Apple " " "
"Cheap and cheerful  Chinese phones outsmart Apple " "SHANGHAI In China's booming smartphone market  which is set this year to overtake the United States as the world's largest  a host of little-known local firms are primed with cheap phones to squeeze market share from U.S. giant Apple Inc's iPhone."
"Foxconn to tap cheap labour in Indonesia  huge consumer market " "JAKARTA  Aug 15 Foxconn Technology Group's investment of up to $10 billion in Indonesia will allow the main supplier of Apple Inc to tap one of the cheapest labour forces in Asia and a duty-free zone of some 600 million consumers."
"Judge urges Apple and Samsung to settle ahead of verdict " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  Aug 15 A U.S. judge asked that the chief executives of Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd speak to each other at least once on the phone before a jury begins deliberating next week in the high-stakes patent trial between the two tech giants."
"Judge urges Apple  Samsung to settle before verdict " "SAN JOSE  California A U.S. judge asked that the chief executives of Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd speak to each other at least once on the phone before a jury begins deliberating next week in the high-stakes patent trial between the two tech companies."
"UPDATE 1-US judge urges Apple  Samsung to settle before verdict " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  Aug 15 A U.S. judge asked that the chief executives of Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd speak to each other at least once on the phone before a jury begins deliberating next week in the high-stakes patent trial between the two tech companies."
"UPDATE 3-Nokia fuels hopes of phone launch ahead of Apple " "OSLO/NEW YORK Aug 15 Mobile phone maker Nokia Oyj  said on Wednesday it will hold a joint media event with Microsoft Corp in New York on Sept. 5  boosting hopes that it will unveil its long-awaited Windows smartphone upgrade before rival Apple Inc rolls out its next iPhone."
"Apple in talks with cable TV networks over set-top box -WSJ " "Apple Inc is in talks with U.S. cable operators about allowing viewers to use an Apple TV device as a set-top box for live television and other content  the Wall Street Journal reported  citing people familiar with the matter."
"Apple in talks with cable TV networks over set-top box -WSJ " "Aug 15 Apple Inc is in talks with U.S. cable operators about allowing viewers to use an Apple TV device as a set-top box for live television and other content  the Wall Street Journal reported  citing people familiar with the matter."
"Column: Cable companies want Apple? Think different " "(The views and opinions expressed here are the author's own and not those of Reuters.)"
"In China  cheap and cheerful phones outsmart Apple " "SHANGHAI In China's booming smartphone market  which is set this year to overtake the United States as the world's largest  a host of little-known local firms are primed with cheap phones to squeeze market share from U.S. giant Apple Inc's iPhone."
"In China  cheap and cheerful phones outsmart Apple " "SHANGHAI In China's booming smartphone market  which is set this year to overtake the United States as the world's largest  a host of little-known local firms are primed with cheap phones to squeeze market share from U.S. giant Apple Inc's iPhone. | Video "
"Samsung expert: Apple damages estimates are overstated " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  Aug 16 A financial expert said Apple Inc has overstated the profit margins earned by Samsung Electronics Co Ltd for mobile products  an issue that goes to the heart of the high profile patent trial between the two tech companies."
"Stylus  split-screen stand new Samsung tablet apart " "SEOUL/LONDON Samsung Electronics launched its new Galaxy Note tablet in three major markets on Thursday  hoping that a stylus-type pen and split-screen function will stand the new device apart from rival Apple Inc's iPad."
"Stylus  split-screen stand new Samsung tablet apart " "SEOUL/LONDON Samsung Electronics launched its new Galaxy Note tablet in three major markets on Thursday  hoping that a stylus-type pen and split-screen function will stand the new device apart from rival Apple Inc's iPad. | Video "
"UPDATE 1-In China  cheap and cheerful phones outsmart Apple " "SHANGHAI  Aug 16 In China's booming smartphone market  which is set this year to overtake the United States as the world's largest  a host of little-known local firms are primed with cheap phones to squeeze market share from U.S. giant Apple Inc's iPhone."
"UPDATE 3-Stylus  split-screen stand new Samsung tablet apart " "* Galaxy Note 10.1 tablet on sale in U.S.  UK  South Korea"
"Apple fires closing shots at Samsung in patents battle " "SAN JOSE  California Samsung Electronics Co Ltd abused its ""monopoly power"" and demanded an unreasonable royalty from Apple Inc for the use of wireless patents in the iPhone  hurting the device's commercial prospects  Apple experts testified."
"Apple fires closing shots in Samsung trial " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  Aug 17 Samsung Electronics  tried to impose an ""unfair and unreasonble"" royalty rate on Apple Inc for the use of its wireless patents in the iPhone  which would have stymied Apple's commercial prospects  a former Texas Instruments lawyer said on Friday."
"UPDATE 1-Apple fires closing shots at Samsung in patents battle " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  Aug 17 Samsung Electronics Co Ltd abused its ""monopoly power"" and demanded an unreasonable royalty from Apple Inc for the use of wireless patents in the iPhone  hurting the device's commercial prospects  Apple experts testified."
"UPDATE 1-Samsung expert: Apple overstates its damages at trial " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  Aug 16 A financial expert said Apple Inc has overstated Samsung Electronics Co Ltd's  profit margins for mobile products  an issue that goes to the heart of damages in the high profile patent trial between the two tech companies."
"Apple's market value exceeds Microsoft's during 1999 bubble " "NEW YORK Apple Inc's market value climbed past $623 billion on Monday  surpassing the record set by Microsoft Corp during the heyday of technology stocks in 1999."
"Apple suppliers boost Taiwan stocks; Acer down " "TAIPEI Taiwan stocks rose 0.19 percent on Monday morning  paced by gains in Apple  suppliers  including Genius   after Apple shares hit all-time high."
"BRIEF-Apple hits highest market cap for U.S. company on closing basis " "NEW YORK  Aug 20 Apple Inc :  * Apple hit the highest market capitalization for a U.S. company on a closing basis  according to Standard & Poor's data. The stock closed at $665.15."
"BRIEF-Apple hits largest ever intraday market cap " "NEW YORK  Aug 20 Apple Inc :  * Hits largest ever market capitalization for a U.S. company on intraday"
"Apple  Foxconn improve plants in China; more left to do: audit " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc and Foxconn have improved work and safety conditions at the Chinese factories that make most of the world's iPads and iPhones  but the auditors they enlisted to monitor the process warned that the toughest tasks lay ahead."
"Apple  Foxconn stick to vows but toughest tasks ahead -audit " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 21 Apple Inc and Foxconn have improved work and safety conditions at the Chinese factories that make most of the world's iPads and iPhones  but the auditors they enlisted to monitor the process warn that the toughest tasks lay ahead."
"Apple  Samsung CEOs talk but no trial settlement reached " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  Aug 20 The chief executives of Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  have talked but did not settle the high stakes patent dispute between the two electronics companies  a Samsung attorney said in court on Monday."
"Apple  Samsung lawyers make final pitches to U.S. jury " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  Aug 21 Apple spent four years pouring resources into developing the iconic iPhone  while Samsung couldn't keep up and eventually decided to copy its major competitor  an Apple attorney said in court."
"Apple  Samsung make final pitch to jury " "SAN JOSE  California Apple Inc spent years developing its iconic iPhone  but Samsung took a shortcut by copying its rival's designs after realizing it could not keep up  an Apple attorney said as the high-stakes patent infringement trial drew towards a climax."
"Apple's market value exceeds Microsoft's during 1999 bubble " "NEW YORK Apple Inc's market value climbed past $623 billion on Monday  surpassing the record set by Microsoft Corp during the heyday of technology stocks in 1999. | Video "
"UPDATE 1-Apple  Foxconn improve plants in China; more left to do -audit " " "
"UPDATE 2-Apple  Samsung make final pitch to U.S. jury " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  Aug 21 Apple Inc O> spent years developing its iconic iPhone  but Samsung took a shortcut by copying its rival's designs after realizing it could not keep up  an Apple attorney said as the high-stakes patent infringement trial drew towards a climax."
"Analysis: In Apple vs. Samsung  alchemy of damages takes the stage " "SAN JOSE  Calif Between the hotshot designers and brainy engineers Apple Inc questioned for three weeks in the company's bitterly fought patent battle against Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  a marketing expert from MIT took Apple's lawyers all of three minutes."
"Apple  Foxconn improve China plants  but more to do: audit " "TAIPEI/SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc and Foxconn have improved working conditions at Chinese factories that make most of the world's iPads and iPhones  according to auditors the firms enlisted to monitor the process  but tough tasks lie ahead. | Video "
"Apple  Samsung make final pitch to jury " "SAN JOSE  California Apple Inc's worldwide legal crusade against the Android mobile operating system drew toward a climax on Tuesday as the iPhone maker's attorneys accused Samsung of taking a shortcut by copying Apple's designs after realizing it could not keep up."
"California jurors get to work in Apple vs. Samsung trial " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  Aug 22 Nine jurors began deliberating on Wednesday in Apple Inc's high stakes patent lawsuit against Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  a process that could take several days due to the complex legal issues in play."
"California jurors get to work in Apple vs. Samsung trial " "SAN JOSE  California Nine jurors began deliberating on Wednesday in Apple Inc's high stakes patent lawsuit against Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  a process that could take several days due to the complex legal issues in play."
"Foxconn to further cut overtime  sees better efficiency " "TAIPEI  Aug 22 Foxconn Technology Group  a major supplier of Apple Inc  said on Wednesday it will further reducing overtime for its Chinese workers to less than 9 hours a week from the current 20."
"Foxconn to further cut overtime  sees better efficiency " "TAIPEI Foxconn Technology Group  a major supplier of Apple Inc  said on Wednesday it will further reducing overtime for its Chinese workers to less than 9 hours a week from the current 20."
"UPDATE 3-Apple  Samsung make final pitch to U.S. jury " "* Apple says Samsung copied iPhone  Samsung countersued over patents"
"UPDATE 5-Apple  Foxconn improve China plants  but more to do -audit " "* Report comes day after Apple sets new market value record"
"BRIEF-Moody's assigns Aaa rating to the City of Apple Valley's (MN) $7.1 million GO Bonds  Series 2012A; assigns negative outlook " "Aug 24 Moody's assigns Aaa rating to the City of Apple Valley's (MN) $7.1 million GO Bonds  Series 2012A; assigns negative outlook"
"COLUMN: Apple and the burden of being a behemoth " "Aug 23 In the annals of meaningless milestones  Apple's latest achievement -- surpassing Microsoft  circa 1999  as the largest U.S. company ever -- is right up there. I mean  how high is up? How big is BIG? What does Apple win  Johnny!?"
"Column: Apple and the burden of being a behemoth " "(The views expressed are the author's own and not those of Reuters.)"
"LG says started production of new screen  as Apple plans product launch " "SEOUL  Aug 23 Flat-screen maker LG Display  has started mass production of a new and thinner display  widely speculated to be for use in Apple Inc's  next iPhone  and the display's production schedule remains in line with customers' product release plans  LG's chief executive said."
"LG says started production of new screen  as Apple plans product launch " "SEOUL Flat-screen maker LG Display has started mass production of a new and thinner display  widely speculated to be for use in Apple Inc's next iPhone  and the display's production schedule remains in line with customers' product release plans  LG's chief executive said."
"Apple awarded $1.051 billion damages in Samsung trial " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  Aug 24 A U.S. jury awarded Apple Inc $1.051 billion in damages from Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  finding that the Korean company infringed some of Apple's valid patents."
"Apple share of China smartphone mkt almost halved in Q2 - IDC " "Apple Inc's share of China's smartphone market almost halved to 10 percent in April-June as buyers waited for the next iPhone model - expected later this year - or switched brands  data from industry research firm IDC showed on Friday."
"Apple triumphs over Samsung  awarded over $1 billion damages " "SAN JOSE  California Apple Inc. scored a sweeping legal victory over Samsung on Friday as a U.S. jury found the Korean company had copied critical features of the hugely popular iPhone and iPad and awarded the U.S. company $1.051 billion in damages."
"Jury finds Apple's patents valid in Samsung trial " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  Aug 24 A U.S. jury on Friday said Samsung Electronics Co Ltd has infringed some of Apple Inc's patents  and that all of those patents are valid."
"Jury finds Apple's patents valid in Samsung trial " "SAN JOSE  California A U.S. jury on Friday said Samsung Electronics Co Ltd has infringed some of Apple Inc's patents  and that all of those patents are valid."
"RPT-Samsung's phones infringed on some Apple patents-jury " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  Aug 24 A U.S. jury said on Friday that Samsung Electronics Co Ltd had infringed some of Apple Inc's patents."
"Samsung's phones infringed on some Apple patents-jury " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  Aug 24 A U.S. jury said on Friday that Samsung Electronics Co Ltd had infringed some of Apple Inc's patents."
"Seoul court rules Samsung didn't violate Apple design " "SEOUL Samsung Electronics Co's flagship Galaxy smartphone looks very similar to Apple's iPhone  but the South Korean firm has not violated the iPhone design  a Seoul court ruled on Friday. | Video "
"UPDATE 1-US jury orders Samsung to pay Apple $1.05 billion " "SAN JOSE  Calif. Aug 24 A U.S. jury on Friday handed Apple Inc. a sweeping victory in its legal war with Samsung  ruling that the Korean company had copied critical features of the hugely popular iPhone and iPad and awarding the U.S. company $1.051 billion in damages."
"UPDATE 2-Apple triumphs over Samsung  awarded over $1 bln damages " "SAN JOSE  Calif. Aug 24 Apple Inc.  scored a sweeping legal victory over Samsung on Friday as a U.S. jury found the Korean company had copied critical features of the hugely popular iPhone and iPad and awarded the U.S. company $1.051 billion in damages."
"Analysis: Sweeping Apple win  but Samsung set for bounce-back " "SEOUL Defeat in a bitter patent wrangle with Apple Inc  its smartphone rival and biggest customer  will dent Samsung Electronics Co's $21 billion cash-pile  but could actually help cement its leadership in the global smartphone market."
"Apple CEO Tim Cook says chose legal action ""reluctantly"" " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc  decided to take its patent infringement battle to the courts only after ""repeatedly"" asking close component partner and arch-rival Samsung Electronics  to stop mimicking the company's designs  Chief Executive Tim Cook told employees."
"Apple CEO Tim Cook says chose legal action 'reluctantly' " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 25 Apple Inc decided to take its patent infringement battle to the courts only after ""repeatedly"" asking close component partner and arch-rival Samsung Electronics to stop mimicking the company's designs  Chief Executive Tim Cook told employees."
"Apple plans to file for ban on some Samsung sales " "SAN JOSE  California Apple Inc plans to file for a sales injunction against Samsung Electronics within the next seven days  its lawyers said on Friday after a jury handed the U.S. company a major victory in their landmark trial."
"Apple triumphs over Samsung in landmark patent case " "SAN JOSE  California Apple Inc scored a sweeping legal victory over Samsung on Friday as a U.S. jury found the Korean company had copied critical features of the hugely popular iPhone and iPad and awarded the U.S. company $1.05 billion in damages."
"Jury didn't want to let Samsung off easy in Apple trial: foreman " "SAN FRANCISCO Jurors felt Samsung Electronics Co Ltd should pay significant damages in the landmark patent trial against Apple Inc  even though they viewed Apple's demands as too high  according to the foreman."
"Jury didn't want to let Samsung off easy in Apple trial " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 25 Jurors did not want to let Samsung Electronics Co Ltd off easy in the landmark patent trial against Apple Inc  even though they felt Apple's damages demands were too high  according to the foreman."
"Samsung warns that Apple decision ""not final word"" " "SAN FRANCISCO Samsung Electronics called a U.S. jury decision in favor of Apple Inc ""a loss for the American consumer"" because it would stifle innovation and push up prices."
"UPDATE 1-Jury didn't want to let Samsung off easy in Apple trial-foreman " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 25 Jurors felt Samsung Electronics Co Ltd should pay significant damages in the landmark patent trial against Apple Inc  even though they viewed Apple's demands as too high  according to the foreman."
"UPDATE 3-Apple triumphs over Samsung in landmark patent case " "* Apple awarded over $1 bln in damages for infringement of iPhone  iPad patents"
"Apple patent victory boosts Microsoft as Asian vendors scramble " "HONG KONG/SEATTLE Apple Inc's decisive triumph over Samsung Electronics in the most closely watched patent trial in years could open the door for Microsoft Corp to finally hop on board the mobile boom as manufacturers of Android-based smartphones and tablets weigh their legal risks."
"Apple patent victory boosts Microsoft as Asian vendors scramble " "HONG KONG/SEATTLE  Aug 26 Apple Inc's  decisive triumph over Samsung Electronics in the most closely watched patent trial in years could open the door for Microsoft Corp to finally hop on board the mobile boom as manufacturers of Android-based smartphones and tablets weigh their legal risks."
"S.Korea - Market Factors to watch Aug 27 " "SEOUL  Aug 27 Following is a list of events in South Korea as well as news stories and press reports that may influence financial markets.       TOP STORIES >Apple triumphs over Samsung in patent case          >Jury didn't want to let Samsung off easy in trial   >Seoul court: Samsung didn't violate Apple design    >S.Korea's Hanwha signs deal to buy Q-Cells            >Japan tough but wary on S.Korea row; debt plan      >EXCLUSIVE-N.Korean leader seeks trip to China"
"Analysis: Apple's win dents Android's standard-essential patent hopes " "(Alison Frankel writes the On the Case blog for Thomson Reuters News & Insight http://newsandinsight.com. The views expressed are her own.)"
"Apple seeks quick bans on eight Samsung phones " "Apple Inc is seeking speedy bans on the sale of eight Samsung Electronics phones  moving swiftly to translate its resounding court victory over its arch-foe into a tangible business benefit. | Video "
"Key Apple engineer cancels retirement " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc said on Monday that Bob Mansfield  a top hardware engineer who announced his retirement in June  is staying on to work on ""future products."""
"Key Apple engineer cancels retirement " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 27 Apple Inc said on Monday that Bob Mansfield  a top hardware engineer who announced his retirement in June  is staying on to work on ""future products."""
"S.Korea-Market Factors to watch Aug 28 " "SEOUL  Aug 28 Following is a list of events in South Korea as well as news stories and press reports that may influence financial markets.       TOP STORIES >Apple targets Samsung phones  stock peaks           >ASML says Samsung invests in its chip technology    >S.Korea gets Moody's upgrade for fiscal strength    >Samsung shares shed $12 bln after Apple's victory   >With Samsung GalaxyTab win judge may rethink US ban     MARKETS >KOSPI inches down as Samsung Group "
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall St ends flat; Apple hits record high " "NEW YORK  Aug 27 Shares of Apple hit another record on Monday  cushioning the day's losses in a lightly traded market where investors are already looking ahead to a key speech by Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke on Friday."
"US STOCKS-Wall St finishes flat but Apple reaches another high " "NEW YORK  Aug 27 Shares of Apple climbed to another record on Monday  keeping the Nasdaq index afloat in the lowest trading volume of the year  with investors looking ahead to a key speech by Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke on Friday."
"US STOCKS-Wall Street ends flat but Apple notches another high " "NEW YORK  Aug 27 Shares of Apple hit another record on Monday to keep the Nasdaq index afloat in the lowest trading volume of the year  with investors looking ahead to a key speech by Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke on Friday."
"US STOCKS-Wall Street flat  Apple hits record high " "NEW YORK  Aug 27 U.S. stocks were barely changed in light volume on Monday as investors waited for signs from central banks about stimulating the weak economy  though Apple's shares hit a record high after a major court victory."
"Wall Street finishes flat but Apple reaches another high " "NEW YORK Shares of Apple climbed to another record on Monday  keeping the Nasdaq index afloat in the lowest trading volume of the year  with investors looking ahead to a key speech by Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke on Friday. | Video "
"Apple seeks quick bans on eight Samsung phones " "Apple Inc is seeking speedy bans on the sale of eight Samsung Electronics phones  moving swiftly to translate its resounding court victory over its rival into a tangible business benefit. | Video "
"HOW TO PLAY IT-What Apple's victory means for mobile investors " "Aug 28 The world's most valuable company is now a little richer."
"How to play it: What Apple's victory means for mobile investors " "The world's most valuable company is now a little richer."
"Seoul shares edge down; caution rules before Jackson Hole " "SEOUL  Aug 28 Seoul shares inched down Tuesday as investors largely stayed on the sidelines to await a global gathering of central bankers late this week for clues about further stimulus plans."
"UPDATE 2-China's ZTE not worried about Apple  patent litigation " "* Patents  exterior design and user interface to set it apart"
"After Apple bruising  Samsung to bounce back with new Note phablet " "SEOUL  Aug 29 Samsung Electronics Co  unveils the second generation of its popular Galaxy Note phone-cum-tablet at Europe's biggest electronics show in Berlin later on Wednesday  as the South Korean firm comes under pressure to innovate after losing a U.S. patent battle with Apple Inc."
"After Apple bruising  Samsung to bounce back with new Note phablet " "SEOUL Samsung Electronics Co unveils the second generation of its popular Galaxy Note phone-cum-tablet at Europe's biggest electronics show in Berlin later on Wednesday  as the South Korean firm comes under pressure to innovate after losing a U.S. patent battle with Apple Inc."
"Apple/Samsung dispute not yet made it to China: Xinhua " "BEIJING A patent dispute between Apple and Samsung Electronics has yet to make it to China  with no applications for a probe being made by either company in the country  state news agency Xinhua reported on Wednesday."
"Apple/Samsung dispute not yet made it to China - Xinhua " "BEIJING  Aug 29 A patent dispute between Apple  and Samsung Electronics has yet to make it to China  with no applications for a probe being made by either company in the country  state news agency Xinhua reported on Wednesday."
"Hearing on Apple injunction vs Samsung set for December " "SAN FRANCISCO A U.S. judge on Tuesday set a December 6 court date to hear Apple Inc's request for a permanent injunction against Samsung Electronics' smartphones  which could delay the potential impact of Apple's crushing legal victory."
"Samsung strikes new Note after Apple suit " "SEOUL Samsung Electronics Co unveils the second generation of its popular Galaxy Note phone-cum-tablet at Europe's biggest electronics show in Berlin later on Wednesday  as the South Korean firm comes under pressure to innovate after losing a U.S. patent battle with Apple Inc."
"Samsung to ship first Windows Phone 8 model in fourth-quarter " "BERLIN Samsung will ship its first Windows Phone 8 model in the fourth quarter  a company spokesman said  after the firm unexpectedly unveiling the device on the sidelines of Europe's top consumer electronics fair in Berlin."
"Samsung to ship first Windows Phone 8 model in Q4 " "BERLIN  Aug 29 Samsung will ship its first Windows Phone 8 model in the fourth quarter  a company spokesman said  after the firm unexpectedly unveiling the device on the sidelines of Europe's top consumer electronics fair in Berlin."
"TEXT-S&PBulletin: Rtgs On Korea's Samsung Not Affected By Verdict " "HONG KONG (Standard & Poor's) Aug. 29  2012--Standard & Poor's Ratings Services today said its ratings on Korea-based Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. (SEC; A/Positive/A-1) are not immediately affected by a recent U.S. jury verdict on patent lawsuits between SEC and Apple Inc. (not rated)."
"UPDATE 2-Hearing on Apple injunction vs Samsung set for December " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 28 A U.S. judge on Tuesday set a Dec. 6 court date to hear Apple Inc's request for a permanent injunction against Samsung Electronics'  smartphones  which could delay the potential impact of Apple's crushing legal victory."
"Exclusive: Google  Apple CEOs in secret patent talks " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc Chief Executive Larry Page and Apple CEO Tim Cook have been conducting behind-the-scenes talks about a range of intellectual property matters  including the mobile patent disputes between the companies  people familiar with the matter said. | Video "
"TEXT-Fitch: Samsung - US jury decision  short-term reputation setback " "Aug 30 - Fitch Ratings does not plan any immediate action on Samsung Electronics'  'A+'/Stable rating following a decision by the US Jury on 24 August in favour of Apple Inc. The ruling stands in contrast to a split ruling on the same day in South Korea  and a decision by a UK court in July in favour of Samsung."
"Android phone makers back platform but consider other options " "BERLIN  Aug 31 Some phonemakers are quietly exploring alternatives to the Android operating system implicated in the Samsung-Apple ruling  industry watchers say  despite their public pronouncements they are sticking with the technology."
"Android phone makers back platform but consider other options " "BERLIN Some phonemakers are quietly exploring alternatives to the Android operating system implicated in the Samsung-Apple ruling  industry watchers say  despite their public pronouncements they are sticking with the technology."
"Apple  publishers offer antitrust concessions: source " "BRUSSELS Apple and four major publishers have offered to allow retailers such as Amazon to sell e-books at a discount for two years in a bid to end an EU antitrust investigation and stave off possible fines  a person familiar with the matter said on Friday."
"Apple  publishers offer EU e-book antitrust concessions - source " "BRUSSELS  Aug 31 Apple and four major publishers will allow retailers such as Amazon to sell e-books at a discount for two years in a bid to end an EU antitrust investigation and stave off possible fines  a person familiar with the matter said on Friday."
"NORDIC STOCKS - Factors to watch on Aug 31 " "HELSINKI  Aug 31 The following stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Friday:"
"Samsung triumphs over Apple in Japan patent case " "TOKYO A Tokyo court ruled on Friday that Samsung Electronics' mobile devices did not violate an Apple Inc patent involved in synching mobile devices and computers  awarding the South Korean maker a victory a week after it lost a bruising landmark patent case in the United States."
"Seoul shares edge down before Bernanke speech " "* Samsung Elec up 1.5 pct after Tokyo court rules against Apple"
"Sharp's output of new iPhone displays lagging -source " "OSAKA Sharp Corp has fallen behind schedule on production of screens for Apple Inc's latest iPhone just weeks before a planned major launch  a source told Reuters on Friday."
"UPDATE 1-Apple  publishers offer antitrust concessions -source " "* Concession would allow retailers to discount e-books for 2 yrs"
"UPDATE 1-Samsung triumphs over Apple in Japan patent case " "TOKYO  Aug 31 A Tokyo court ruled on Friday that Samsung Electronics' mobile devices did not violate an Apple Inc patent involved in synching mobile devices and computers  awarding the South Korean maker a victory a week after it lost a bruising landmark patent case in the United States."
"Apple targets more Samsung products in patent suit " "NEW YORK Seeking to capitalize on a major legal victory over its rival Samsung Electronics Ltd  Apple Inc has asked a federal court in a separate case to find that four additional Samsung products  including the Galaxy S III  infringe Apple's patents."
"Apple targets more Samsung products in patent suit " "* Samsung Galaxy S III is claimed to infringe Apple patents"
"Seoul shares edge down  Samsung Elec bruised again by Apple " "* Samsung Elec falls  Apple adds more products to patent suit"
"Amazon and Epix strike movie deal; Netflix shares drop " "Amazon Inc and Hollywood studio partnership Epix struck a three-year deal that adds about 3 000 movies to Amazon's video streaming library  ramping up competition with the likes of Netflix Inc and Apple Inc."
"Apple sets September 12 event  latest iPhone expected " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc distributed invitations to an event in San Francisco on September 12  setting the stage for what is widely expected to be the release of the iPhone 5."
"BRIEF-Apple shares near session high " "NEW YORK  Sept 4 Apple Inc :  * Shares near session high following announcement of September 12 media event"
"No proof hackers stole Apple data from agent's laptop -FBI " "NEW YORK  Sept 4 The FBI on Tuesday said there was ""no evidence"" to support claims that hacking group Anonymous had infiltrated an FBI agent's laptop and lifted a file with identification numbers for more than 12 million Apple products."
"No proof hackers stole Apple data from laptop: FBI " "NEW YORK The FBI said on Tuesday there was ""no evidence"" to support claims that hacking group Anonymous infiltrated an FBI agent's laptop and lifted a file with identification numbers for more than 12 million Apple Inc products."
"S.Korea-Market Factors to watch Sept 5 " "SEOUL  Sept 5 Following is a list of events in South Korea as well as news stories and press reports that may influence financial markets.       TOP STORIES >Apple sets Sept 12 event  latest iPhone expected    >China warns US not to take sides in sea disputes    >Hyundai Motor union OKs wage deal                   >Clinton faces China balancing act amid tensions        MARKETS >S.Korea won falls on importers; bonds down          >KOSPI slip in mixed trade as carmake"
"UPDATE 1-Apple sets Sept 12 event  latest iPhone expected " "SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 4 Apple Inc  distributed invitations to an event in San Francisco on Sept. 12  setting the stage for what is widely expected to be the release of the iPhone 5."
"UPDATE 1-No proof hackers stole Apple data from laptop - FBI " "NEW YORK  Sept 4 The FBI said on Tuesday there was ""no evidence"" to support claims that hacking group Anonymous infiltrated an FBI agent's laptop and lifted a file with identification numbers for more than 12 million Apple Inc products."
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT -Nasdaq turns positive as Apple gains " "NEW YORK  Sept 4 U.S. stocks cut losses and the Nasdaq turned positive on Tuesday as Apple Inc hit a session high after an announcement that it would hold a press event next week sparked speculation it was about to unveil an updated version of its smartphone."
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT - S&P 500 ends near flat  but Apple supports " "NEW YORK  Sept 4 U.S. stocks closed flat on Tuesday as investors continued to await clarity on European Central Bank plans to shore up heavily indebted countries  but the market ended off its lows on strength in Apple Inc."
"Apple sets September 12 event  latest iPhone expected " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc distributed invitations to an event in San Francisco on September 12  setting the stage for what is widely expected to be the release of the iPhone 5. | Video "
"Microsoft  Nokia pin hopes on new Lumia as mobile war escalates " "HELSINKI/NEW YORK  Sept 5 Nokia and Microsoft Corp will take the wraps off the struggling European company's most powerful smartphone on Wednesday  in what may be their last major shot at winning back a market lost to Apple  Samsung and Google."
"Motorola unveils three phones for Verizon Wireless " "* Models are Droid Razr HD  Droid Razr Maxx  Droid Razr M"
"New Windows phones from Nokia disappoint investors " "NEW YORK/HELSINKIA Nokia shares plummeted 13 percent after its new Lumia smartphones failed to impress investors looking for transformational handsets to rescue the struggling Finnish company. | Video "
"Samsung challenge: sold the phone  how to keep the customer " "Samsung Electronics has built global leadership in mobile phones  but in a fickle industry looks more vulnerable than its nemesis Apple Inc without an 'ecosystem' - software  services  content and customer support - to keep its users loyal."
"Samsung challenge: sold the phone  how to keep the customer " "Sept 6 Samsung Electronics has built global leadership in mobile phones  but in a fickle industry looks more vulnerable than its nemesis Apple Inc  without an 'ecosystem' - software  services  content and customer support - to keep its users loyal."
"Steve Jobs' widow named Stanford University trustee " "SAN FRANCISCO Laurene Powell Jobs  widow of Apple Inc's late co-founder Steve Jobs  will be joining her alma mater Stanford University's Board of Trustees as of October 1."
"Steve Jobs' widow named Stanford University trustee " "SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 5 Laurene Powell Jobs  widow of Apple Inc's late co-founder Steve Jobs  will be joining her alma mater Stanford University's Board of Trustees as of Oct. 1."
"Audience says Apple may not use its tech in new iPhones " "Audience Inc  which makes chips used in Apple Inc's iPhones  said its top customer is unlikely to use its technology for the latest iPhone  sending Audience shares down 58 percent in extended trading."
"Judge approves U.S. settlement with publishers over e-books " "* Apple  5 publishers accused of conspiring to raise prices"
"Judge approves U.S. settlement with publishers over e-books " "WASHINGTON A judge approved on Thursday a Justice Department settlement with three publishers accused of conspiring with Apple Inc and other publishers to push up the prices of electronic books."
"REFILE-UPDATE 1-Samsung challenge: sold the phone  how to keep the customer " "Sept 6 Samsung Electronics has built global leadership in mobile phones  but in a fickle industry looks more vulnerable than its nemesis Apple Inc  without an 'ecosystem' - software  services  content and customer support - to keep its users loyal."
"Samsung's challenge: keep the customer " "Samsung Electronics has built global leadership in mobile phones  but in a fickle industry looks more vulnerable than its nemesis Apple Inc without an 'ecosystem' - software  services  content and customer support - to keep its users loyal."
"Sharp mortgages iPhone display plant  other Japanese factories " "TOKYO Japan's embattled Sharp Corp  has mortgaged nearly all of its domestic offices and factories  including one which makes screens for Apple Inc's  latest iPhone  to secure the fresh loans it needs to stay in business."
"Sharp mortgages iPhone display plant  other Japanese factories " "TOKYO  Sept 6 Japan's embattled Sharp Corp  has mortgaged nearly all of its domestic offices and factories  including one which makes screens for Apple Inc's  latest iPhone  to secure the fresh loans it needs to stay in business."
"S.Korea probes Samsung over Apple antitrust complaints " "SEOUL  Sept 6 South Korean regulators are investigating complaints filed by Apple Inc that Samsung Electronics Co is abusing its dominant position in wireless technology  the Korea Fair Trade Commission (FTC) said on Thursday."
"South Korea probes Samsung over Apple antitrust complaints " "SEOUL South Korean regulators are investigating complaints filed by Apple Inc that Samsung Electronics Co is abusing its dominant position in wireless technology  the Korea Fair Trade Commission (FTC) said on Thursday."
"UPDATE 7-Amazon takes on Apple with larger  cheaper Kindle Fires " "* Top Fire  with 64GB of storage and 4G wireless  costs $599"
"Apple cuts memory chip order to Samsung for new iPhone: source " "SEOUL Apple Inc has reduced its orders for memory chips for its new iPhone from its main supplier and competitor Samsung Electronics Co  a source with direct knowledge of the matter said on Friday."
"Apple cuts memory chip order to Samsung for new iPhone: source " "SEOUL Apple Inc has reduced its orders for memory chips for its new iPhone from key supplier and competitor Samsung Electronics Co  a source with direct knowledge of the matter said on Friday."
"Apple cuts memory chip order to Samsung for new iPhone-source " "SEOUL  Sept 7 Apple Inc has reduced its orders for memory chips for its new iPhone from key supplier and competitor Samsung Electronics Co  a source with direct knowledge of the matter said on Friday."
"Audience Inc says Apple unlikely to use its tech in new iPhones " "Audience Inc  which makes chips used in Apple Inc's iPhones  said its top customer is unlikely to use its technology for the latest iPhone  sending its shares down 58 percent in after-hours trading."
"Pandora shares plunge on fears of Apple service " "Apple Inc's potential launch of an online streaming music service ignited anew concerns about Pandora Media's business prospects."
"Apple iPhone 5 fever rages despite grumbling over maps " "SAN FRANCISCO/LONDON Apple Inc fans queued around city blocks worldwide on Friday to get their hands on the new iPhone 5  pointing to a strong holiday season for the consumer device maker despite grumblings about the mapping app in the new smartphone. | Video "
"Grumbling over maps fails to dampen Apple iPhone 5 fever " "LONDON/TOKYO Apple fans queued around city blocks worldwide on Friday to get their hands on the new iPhone 5 - but grumbling about inaccurate maps tempered the excitement."
"NYPD urges iPhone 5 owners to be smart and register device " "NEW YORK Smartphones do not necessarily make for smart owners."
"Swiss railway weighs challenge to Apple over trademark clock " "ZURICH Swiss railway operator SBB and a Swiss watchmaker are considering challenging Apple over the striking similarity between the country's trademark station clocks and the clock on a new operating system for the iPad."
"TomTom defends data after Apple map glitches " "AMSTERDAM TomTom NV stood by the quality of its mapping systems on Friday after Apple Inc's iPhone 5 launch was marred by glitches in its mapping app  which is built on TomTom's data."
"UPDATE 1-TomTom defends data after Apple map glitches " "AMSTERDAM  Sept 21 TomTom NV stood by the quality of its mapping systems on Friday after Apple Inc's  iPhone 5 launch was marred by glitches in its mapping app  which is built on TomTom's data."
"US STOCKS-Wall Street gains as Apple scales new peak on iPhone 5 " "* Michael Kors Holdings boosts profit guidance  stock jumps"
"US STOCKS-Wall Street up on Spain optimism  Apple scales new peak " "NEW YORK  Sept 21 U.S. stocks opened higher on Friday as Spain moved toward reform measures in anticipation of a bailout package and as Apple debuted its latest iPhone worldwide  sending its shares up to a new peak."
"Wall Street ends flat despite Spain hope  S&P off for week " "NEW YORK Stocks closed flat on Friday even though investors welcomed Spain's efforts to seek a bailout and cheered Apple's newest iPhone that went on sale today  driving its shares to a record high."
"WRAPUP 5-Apple iPhone 5 fever rages despite grumbling over maps " "* Record sales pace expected after early pre-orders top 2 mln"
"Analysis: IPhone 5 defines Apple success  Tim Cook-style " "SAN FRANCISCO Tim Cook is no Steve Jobs when it comes to leading Apple Inc. As the debut of the new iPhone 5 just proved  that may not be a bad thing. | Video "
"Apple iPhone 5 fever rages despite grumbling over maps " "SAN FRANCISCO/LONDON Apple Inc fans queued around city blocks worldwide on Friday to get their hands on the new iPhone 5  pointing to a strong holiday season for the consumer device maker despite grumblings about the mapping app in the new smartphone. | Video "
"Apple seeks U.S. Samsung sales ban  $707 million more in damages " "SEOUL Apple Inc has asked for a court order for a permanent U.S. sales ban on Samsung Electronics products alleged to have violated its patents along with additional damages of $707 million on top of the billion-dollar verdict won by the iPhone maker last month."
"Apple seeks US Samsung sales ban  $707 mln more in damages " "SEOUL  Sept 22 Apple Inc has asked for a court order for a permanent U.S. sales ban on Samsung Electronics products alleged to have violated its patents along with additional damages of $707 million on top of the billion-dollar verdict won by the iPhone maker last month."
"Fiona Apple addresses drug arrest in odd speech at concert " "NEW YORK Singer Fiona Apple opened up to fans during a concert in Houston in a bizarre speech about the night she spent in a Texas jail after being arrested for hashish possession last week."
"Apple sells over 5 million iPhone 5  supply constraints loom " "Apple Inc sold over 5 million iPhone 5 smartphones in the three days since it hit stores  but shares sagged as the company struggled to meet demand."
"Apple sold more than 5 million iPhone 5 " "Sept 24 Apple Inc sold more than 5 million iPhone 5 smartphones in the three days after the new device hit the marketplace on Sept. 21  the company said on Monday."
"Apple to open second Hong Kong store on Sept. 29 " "SHANGHAI  Sept 24 Apple Inc said on Monday it will open its second retail store in Hong Kong on Sept. 29  underscoring the massive demand for its products in Greater China."
"Apple to open second Hong Kong store on September 29 " "SHANGHAI Apple Inc said on Monday it will open its second retail store in Hong Kong on September 29  underscoring the massive demand for its products in Greater China."
"Intel Inside ignites mobile branding war " "SAN FRANCISCO As the mobile computing wars heat up  chipmakers that supply the crucial components inside smartphones and tablets aim to grab more of the glory."
"PRESS DIGEST - Financial Times - Sept 25 " "Singapore investment fund Temasek has sounded out potential buyers for its 6 billion pound ($9.72 billion) stake in Standard Chartered."
"RPT-FEATURE-'Intel Inside' ignites mobile branding war " "SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 24 As the mobile computing wars heat up  chipmakers that supply the crucial components inside smartphones and tablets aim to grab more of the glory."
"UPDATE 4-Apple sells over 5 mln iPhone 5  supply constraints loom " "Sept 24 Apple Inc sold over 5 million iPhone 5 smartphones in the three days since it hit stores  but shares sagged as the company struggled to meet demand."
"UPDATE 5-Apple sells over 5 mln iPhone 5  supply constraints loom " "Sept 24 Apple Inc sold over 5 million iPhone 5 smartphones in the three days since it hit stores  but shares sagged as the company struggled to meet demand."
"UPDATE 5-Chinese electronics factory closed after 2 000 riot " "* Foxconn major supplier to Apple  other global electronics firms"
"Belgians rush for new iPhone without knowing price " "BRUSSELS  Sept 25 More than 10 000 Belgians have already registered to buy Apple's new iPhone ahead of its official Belgian launch on Friday  though they do not yet know how much the device will cost them  operator Mobistar  said on Friday."
"China factory unrest a fresh headache for Foxconn " "TAIYUAN  China A brawl at a Foxconn factory that disrupted production at Apple's main China supplier for 24 hours highlights regimented dormitory life and thuggish security as major sources of labor tension in China. | Video "
"Google exec: not yet offered new map to Apple " " "
"Google says Maps not waiting in wings for iPhone 5 " "TOKYO Google Inc has made no move to provide Google Maps for the iPhone 5 after Apple Inc dropped the application in favor of a home-grown but controversial alternative  Google's Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt said."
"UPDATE 1-Google says Maps not waiting in wings for iPhone 5 " "* Google's Schmidt says Google Maps not on offer for iPhone 5"
"UPDATE 4-China factory unrest a fresh headache for Foxconn " "TAIYUAN  China  Sept 25 A brawl at a Foxconn factory that disrupted production at Apple's main China supplier for 24 hours highlights regimented dormitory life and thuggish security as major sources of labour tension in China."
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT - Nasdaq falls 1 pct  led by Apple " "NEW YORK  Sept 25 The Nasdaq fell more than 1 percent on Tuesday and the Dow and S&P 500 extended losses  led by declines in Apple shares"
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Apple  Oracle lead Nasdaq lower " "NEW YORK  Sept 26 U.S. stocks extended losses on Wednesday  with the Nasdaq Composite down 1 percent after declines by Apple Inc and Oracle."
"Amazon seeks to throw out Apple ""app store"" advertising claim " "Amazon.com Inc has asked a federal judge to throw out Apple Inc's false advertising claim in a lawsuit challenging the online retailer's use of the ""app store"" name."
"Amazon seeks to throw out Apple ""app store"" advertising claim " "Sept 26 Amazon.com Inc has asked a federal judge to throw out Apple Inc's false advertising claim in a lawsuit challenging the online retailer's use of the ""app store"" name."
"Demand for Apple's iPhone 5 lights up China's online market " " "
"Demand for Apple's iPhone 5 lights up China's online market " "SHANGHAI Chinese gadget fans are scouring the Internet grey market to locate Apple Inc's new iPhone 5  giving an early indication of robust demand in Apple's second-biggest global market."
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Nasdaq jumps 1 pct  led by Apple's bounce " "NEW YORK  Sept 27 The Nasdaq Composite rose 1.1 percent on Thursday  outperforming other major U.S. equity indexes  led by a gain of nearly 2 percent in Apple shares after three days of declines."
"Apple CEO apologizes for Maps flaws  recommends rivals " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook apologized Friday to customers frustrated with glaring errors in its new Maps service and  in an unusual move for the consumer giant  directed them to rival services such as Google Inc's Maps instead."
"Apple's Cook apologizes for Maps flaws  recommends rivals " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook apologized Friday to customers frustrated with glaring errors in its new Maps service  and  in an unusual move for the consumer giant  directed them to rival services instead  such as Google Inc's Maps."
"Sharp says making adequate volumes of display used in iPhone5 " "TOKYO  Sept 28 A Sharp Corp executive said the company is making ""adequate volumes"" of displays it is known to supply for Apple Inc's new iPhone5  indicating that a bottleneck in supplies of screens may have eased."
"Sharp says making adequate volumes of display used in iPhone5 " "TOKYO Sharp Corp is making ""adequate volumes"" of displays it is known to supply for Apple Inc's new iPhone5  a company executive said  indicating that a possible bottleneck in supplies of screens may have eased."
"UPDATE 1-Samsung wins reconsideration of Galaxy Tab sales ban " "SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 28 A U.S. appeals court ruled on Friday that a lower court should reconsider a sales ban against Samsung's Galaxy Tab 10.1 won by Apple in a patent dispute with the South Korean electronics maker."
"UPDATE 1-Sharp says making adequate volumes of display used in iPhone5 " "* Sharp's iPhone5 screen was behind schedule in August-source"
"UPDATE 2-Apple's Cook sorry for Maps errors  suggests rivals " "SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 28 Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook apologized Friday to customers frustrated with glaring errors in its new Maps service  and  in an unusual move for the consumer giant  directed them to rival services instead  such as Google Inc's Maps."
"UPDATE 4-Apple CEO apologizes for Maps flaws  recommends rivals " "* Cook's contrition contrasts with Jobs' ""Antennagate"" defiance"
"Apple CEO apologizes for Maps flaws  recommends rivals " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook apologized Friday to customers frustrated with glaring errors in its new Maps service and  in an unusual move for the consumer giant  directed them to rival services such as Google Inc's Maps instead. | Video "
"Samsung wins reconsideration of Galaxy Tab sales ban " "SAN FRANCISCO A U.S. appeals court ruled on Friday that a lower court should reconsider a sales ban against Samsung's Galaxy Tab 10.1 won by Apple in a patent dispute with the South Korean electronics maker."
"Google withdraws patent complaint against Apple " "WASHINGTON  Oct 2 Google subsidiary Motorola Mobility has dropped a complaint of patent infringement against Apple without explanation."
"Google withdraws U.S. patent complaint against Apple " "WASHINGTON Google subsidiary Motorola Mobility has dropped a complaint of patent infringement against Apple without explanation."
"Japan's Murata faces price pressure  smartphone demand steady " "Chiba  Japan Anti-Japanese sentiment in China  falling prices and growing competition from a South Korean rival are just a few of the challenges faced by Murata Manufacturing Co Ltd  which supplies Apple Inc with components for its iPhone 5."
"Mobile computing wars pose tough choices for Internet publishers " "SEATTLE For Microsoft Corp  and Amazon.com  and the clutch of other companies that hope to carve out a big slice of a mobile computing business currently dominated by Apple Inc  the future depends on people like Scott Porad."
"Mobile computing wars pose tough choices for Internet publishers " "* Supporting multiple apps costly  but key for best performance"
"RPT-Mobile computing wars pose tough choices for Internet publishers " "* Supporting multiple apps costly  but key for best performance"
"Samsung allowed to sell Galaxy Tab in U.S. as court lifts ban " "A U.S. court removed a temporary sales ban against Samsung Electronics Co Ltd's Galaxy Tab 10.1 won by Apple Inc in a patent dispute  allowing the South Korean company to sell the product in the United States."
"Samsung files lawsuit against Apple over latest iPhone " "SEOUL Samsung Electronics said on Tuesday that it filed a new lawsuit against Apple Inc in a U.S. court  contending the iPhone 5 infringed on Samsung's patents."
"UPDATE 1-Google withdraws US patent complaint against Apple " "* Expert says Google feared consolidation with another case"
"UPDATE 1-Samsung allowed to sell Galaxy Tab in US as court lifts ban " "* Trial ended in August with victory for Apple on many claims"
"KDDI finalising iPad sale deal in Japan with Apple-Nikkei " "TOKYO  Oct 4 KDDI Corp is in the final stages of talks with Apple Inc to sell a new version of its iPad expected for release in Japan next month  in a move that would end rival Softbank Corp's monopoly on cellular-enabled iPads  the Nikkei business daily reported."
"Samsung allowed to sell Galaxy Tab in U.S. as court lifts ban " "A U.S. court removed a temporary sales ban against Samsung Electronics Co Ltd's Galaxy Tab 10.1 won by Apple Inc in a patent dispute  allowing the South Korean company to sell the product in the United States."
"Samsung  battling Apple verdict  cites foreman's Seagate lawsuit " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 2 Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  said a major patent verdict in favor of Apple Inc  should be overturned because the jury foreman did not disclose that he once was in litigation with Seagate Technology PLC  a company that counts Samsung as a major investor."
"Samsung  battling Apple verdict  cites foreman's Seagate lawsuit " "SAN FRANCISCO Samsung Electronics Co Ltd said a major patent verdict in favor of Apple Inc should be overturned because the jury foreman did not disclose that he once was in litigation with Seagate Technology PLC  a company that counts Samsung as a major investor."
"US STOCKS-Futures little changed ahead of data " "NEW YORK  Oct 3 U.S. stock index futures were little changed Wednesday as expectations that Spain will request a bailout offset concern over a slowing Chinese economy  with modest volume indicating a pause ahead of the release of key U.S. data."
"A Galaxy glow  but Samsung's record profit run to end in Q4 " "* Since US patent defeat  Samsung shares have outpaced Apple"
"In mobile-computing boom  a battle rages for marketing " "NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc CEO and founder Jeff Bezos  who quipped at a shareholder meeting a few years ago that ""advertising is the price you pay for having an unremarkable product "" is eating those words."
"In mobile-computing boom  a battle rages for marketing " "NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 4 Amazon.com Inc  CEO and founder Jeff Bezos  who quipped at a shareholder meeting a few years ago that ""advertising is the price you pay for having an unremarkable product "" is eating those words."
"Samsung Elec estimates Q3 profit at record $7.3 bln " "SEOUL  Oct 5 Samsung Electronics Co  the world's biggest technology firm by revenue  estimated its July-September operating profit at a record 8.1 trillion Korean won ($7.3 billion)  d ri ven by strong sales of its Galaxy smartphones."
"Samsung Electronic estimates Q3 profit at record $7.3 billion " "SEOUL Samsung Electronics Co  the world's biggest technology firm by revenue  estimated its July-September operating profit at a record 8.1 trillion Korean won ($7.3 billion)  driven by strong sales of its Galaxy smartphones."
"Samsung's Galaxy phones drive record $7.3 billion profit " "SEOUL Samsung Electronics reported quarterly profit of $7.3 billion on Friday  a fourth straight record quarter and nearly double last year's figure  as strong sales of its Galaxy smartphones more than offset reduced orders for chips and screens from Apple Inc  the South Korean group's main rival and leading customer. | Video "
"UPDATE 1-Samsung's Galaxy phones drive record $7.3 bln profit " "* Q4 profit seen dipping on competition  marketing - analysts"
"Apple's iPhone 5 gets thumbs-up from Consumer Reports " "* iPhone 5 ""a winner"" despite error-prone maps  says group"
"Apple's iPhone 5 gets thumbs-up from Consumer Reports " "SAN FRANCISCO Consumer Reports  the influential reviewers' group that blasted the iPhone 4 for a faulty antenna  on Friday gave Apple Inc's latest smartphone a thumbs-up despite echoing widespread complaints about its patchy mapping service."
"Foxconn's iPhone plant ""paralyzed"" as thousands strike -report " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 5 Thousands of workers went on strike Friday at a Foxconn plant in China that makes Apple Inc's iPhone 5  paralyzing production of the smartphone  rights advocate China Labor Watch reported."
"Foxconn's iPhone plant ""paralyzed"" as thousands strike: report " "SAN FRANCISCO Thousands of workers went on strike Friday at a Foxconn plant in China that makes Apple Inc's iPhone 5  paralyzing production of the smartphone  rights advocate China Labor Watch reported."
"Samsung posts $7.3 billion third-qurter profit  this quarter will be tougher " "SEOUL Samsung Electronics reported a record quarterly profit of $7.3 billion  nearly double last year's figure  as strong sales of high-end TVs and Galaxy smartphones more than offset reduced orders for chips and screens from Apple Inc  its main rival and leading customer. | Video "
"UPDATE 3-Samsung posts $7.3 bln Q3 profit  this quarter will be tougher " "* Q4 profit may dip on competition  marketing  bonuses - analysts"
"Foxconn denies China iPhone plant hit by strike " "TAIPEI/SAN FRANCISCO Foxconn  the Taiwanese made-to-order electronics giant that assembles Apple Inc's products  denied reports that a plant in China was crippled by a strike  saying on Saturday that its production is on schedule at an important time for Apple."
"Foxconn reports worker dispute at China plant  no strike " "TAIPEI  Oct 6 Taiwan's Foxconn Technology Group said on Saturday it has resolved two disputes from earlier this week between workers and quality assurance staff at a plant in Zhengzhou  China  denying reports that there had been a strike at the facility."
"Foxconn reports worker dispute at China plant  no strike " "TAIPEI Taiwan's Foxconn Technology Group said on Saturday it has resolved two disputes from earlier this week between workers and quality assurance staff at a plant in Zhengzhou  China  denying reports that there had been a strike at the facility."
"UPDATE 1-Foxconn's iPhone plant ""paralyzed"" as thousands strike -report " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 5 Thousands of workers went on strike Friday at a Foxconn plant in central China that makes Apple Inc's iPhone 5  paralyzing production of the smartphone  the rights advocate group China Labor Watch reported."
"UPDATE 3-Foxconn denies China iPhone plant hit by strike " "TAIPEI/SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 6 Foxconn  the Taiwanese made-to-order electronics giant that assembles Apple Inc's products  denied reports that a plant in China was crippled by a strike  saying on Saturday that its production is on schedule at an important time for Apple."
"EU antitrust chief hopes to settle Apple case soon " "BRUSSELS Apple Inc's antitrust case with the European Union over e-book publishing could be settled in a couple of months  European Competition Commissioner Joaquin Almunia said on Tuesday."
"EU antitrust chief hopes to settle Apple case soon " "BRUSSELS  Oct 9 Apple Inc's antitrust case with the European Union over e-book publishing could be settled in a couple of months  European Competition Commissioner Joaquin Almunia said on Tuesday."
"UPDATE 1-EU antitrust chief hopes to settle Apple case soon " "BRUSSELS  Oct 9 Apple Inc's antitrust case with the European Union over e-book publishing could be settled in a couple of months  European Competition Commissioner Joaquin Almunia said on Tuesday."
"PRESS DIGEST - Financial Times - Oct 11 " "Attempts to create a European giant to rival Boeing  of the U.S. collapsed on Wednesday  amid investor anger at the handling of a multibillion-euro merger."
"Google in industry's ""defining fight"" with Apple  Schmidt says " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt expects more than a billion mobile devices around the world to be running its Android software within a year  intensifying a battle with Apple Inc that he called a ""defining fight"" of the industry."
"Google vs Apple the industry's ""defining fight"" -Schmidt " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 10 Google Inc  Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt expects more than a billion mobile devices around the world to be running its Android software within a year  intensifying a battle with Apple Inc  that he called a ""defining fight"" of the industry."
"S.Korea-Market Factors to watch on Oct 12 " "SEOUL  Oct 12 Following is a list of events in South Korea as well as news stories and press reports that may influence financial markets.          TOP STORIES >US court clears Samsung phone  hands Apple setback  >S.Korea c.bank cuts rates  seen on hold for while   >Google in industry's ""defining fight"" with Apple              MARKETS >KOSPI tumble to one-month low in weeklong loss      >S.Korea won pares losses on exporters  rate cut          MARKET SNAPSHOTS     * U."
"UPDATE 1-Google in industry's ""defining fight"" with Apple  Schmidt says " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 10 Google Inc  Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt expects more than a billion mobile devices around the world to be running its Android software within a year  intensifying a battle with Apple Inc  that he called a ""defining fight"" of the industry."
"UPDATE 2-U.S. court clears Samsung phone  setback for Apple " "WASHINGTON  Oct 11 A U.S. appeals court overturned a preliminary injunction on the sale of Samsung Electronics Co Ltd's Galaxy Nexus smartphone on Thursday  dealing a setback to Apple Inc in its battle against Google Inc's increasingly popular mobile software."
"UPDATE 3-U.S. court clears Samsung phone  hands Apple setback " "WASHINGTON/SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 11 A U.S. appeals court overturned a pretrial sales ban against Samsung Electronics Co Ltd's Galaxy Nexus smartphone  dealing a setback to Apple Inc in its battle against Google Inc's increasingly popular mobile software."
"U.S. court clears Samsung phone  hands Apple setback " "WASHINGTON/SAN FRANCISCO A U.S. appeals court overturned a pretrial sales ban against Samsung Electronics Co Ltd's Galaxy Nexus smartphone  dealing a setback to Apple Inc in its battle against Google Inc's increasingly popular mobile software. | Video "
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall St ends mixed as Apple dents gains " "NEW YORK  Oct 11 U.S. stocks ended little changed on Thursday as gains brought by a sign of improvement in the labor market were capped by a drop in Apple shares after a legal setback in a court ruling.     The Dow Jones industrial average was down 18.58 points  or 0.14 percent  at 13 326.39. The Standard & Poor's 500 Index was up 0.28 point  or 0.02 percent  at 1 432.84. The Nasdaq Composite Index was down 2.40 points  or 0.08 percent  at 3 049.38."
"US STOCKS-Wall St flat as Apple cuts jobs data gains " "* Apple shares fall after setback in Samsung case     * Sprint volume surges  shares jump on Softbank deal reports     * Dow off 0.14 pct  S&P up 0.02 pct  Nasdaq down 0.08 pct       By Rodrigo Campos     NEW YORK  Oct 11 U.S. stocks ended flat on Thursday after gains brought by a sign of improvement in the labor market were erased in part by a drop in Apple shares after a legal setback in a court ruling.     Apple fell 2 percent to $628.10 after a U.S. appeals court overturned a pre"
"US STOCKS-Wall St flat as Apple dents gains from jobless data " "* Apple shares fall 1.4 percent after setback in Samsung case"
"Analysis: Smaller firms grab big slice of mobile advertising " "When Auntie Anne's  the pretzel chain  wanted to tempt moms in Atlanta shopping malls with free offers  it dished out coupons through smartphones that could be redeemed immediately for a free drink or other specials."
"Apple CEO visits Foxconn's iPhone plant in China " "(Corrects third paragraph in March 29 story to say factory is in Henan province  not Hebei)"
"Apple gets OK to use Swiss railway clock design " "* Black  white and red clock a 20th-century design classic"
"Apple gets OK to use Swiss railway clock design " "ZURICH Apple  sensitive about protecting its own designs  has struck a deal to use Swiss railway operator SBB's trademark station clock design on iPads and iPhones."
"Apple likely to unveil iPad mini on Oct. 23 - report " "Oct 12 Apple Inc is expected to take the wraps off its highly anticipated mini iPad at an Oct. 23 invitation-only event  reported tech blog AllThingsD on Friday  citing sources familiar with the company."
"Apple likely to unveil iPad mini on October 23 - report " "Apple Inc is expected to take the wraps off its highly anticipated mini iPad at an October 23 invitation-only event  reported tech blog AllThingsD on Friday  citing sources familiar with the company."
"Apple to host October 23 event  iPad mini expected " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc will host an event on October 23 where it is expected to unveil a smaller iPad that will take on the less expensive devices offered by Amazon.com Inc and Google Inc  a source familiar with the matter said on Friday."
"CORRECTED-(March 29)-Apple CEO visits Foxconn's iPhone plant in China " "(Corrects third paragraph in March 29 story to say factory is in Henan province  not Hebei)"
"UPDATE 1-Apple gets OK to use Swiss railway clock design " "* Black  white and red clock a 20th-century design classic"
"UPDATE 4-Apple to host Oct. 23 event  iPad mini expected " "* 7-8 inch screen would rival Kindle  Nexus   (Adds analyst comment and details on margin)"
"Apple to host October 23 event  iPad mini expected " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc will host an event on October 23 where it is expected to unveil a smaller iPad that will take on the less expensive devices offered by Amazon.com Inc and Google Inc  a source familiar with the matter said on Friday."
"Amazon in talks to buy TI mobile chip arm: paper " "Amazon.Com Inc is in advanced talks to buy the supplier of processors for its Kindle tablet computer  Israeli financial newspaper Calcalist reported on Monday  a step toward vertical integration that could portend a push into smartphones."
"Apple to host October 23 event  iPad mini expected " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc will host an event on October 23 where it is expected to unveil a smaller iPad that will take on the less expensive devices offered by Amazon.com Inc and Google Inc  a source familiar with the matter said on Friday."
"UPDATE 3-Amazon in talks to buy TI mobile chip arm-paper " "Oct 15 Amazon.Com Inc is in advanced talks to buy the  supplier of processors for its Kindle tablet computer  Israeli financial newspaper Calcalist reported on Monday  a step toward vertical integration that could portend a push into smartphones."
"Apple manufacturer Foxconn says underage workers used in China " "TAIPEI Apple Inc's largest contract manufacturer  Foxconn  has acknowledged hiring teenagers as young as 14 in a Chinese factory  in breach of national law  in a case that raises further questions over Foxconn's student intern program."
"Apple manufacturer Foxconn says underage workers used in China " "TAIPEI  Oct 17 Apple Inc's largest contract manufacturer  Foxconn  has acknowledged hiring teenagers as young as 14 in a Chinese factory  in breach of national law  in a case that raises further questions over Foxconn's student intern programme."
"Apple sets Oct. 23 event  smaller iPad expected " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc on Tuesday invited members of the media to an event next week where it is expected to challenge rivals Amazon.com Inc and Google Inc with a less expensive and smaller version of its popular iPad tablet."
"Best Buy to sell its own tablet for $239-$259: source " "NEW YORK Best Buy Co Inc is planning to sell its own tablet  the Android-based ""Insignia Flex "" for $239 to $259  a source familiar with the matter told Reuters  pitting the world's largest consumer electronics chain against the likes of Apple and Amazon.com Inc."
"BRIEF-Apple sends invite for special event on October 23 " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 16 Apple Inc :  * Sends invite for special event on October 23  * Invite says 'we've got a little more to show you'"
"Microsoft prices Wi-Fi Surface tablet below new Apple iPad " "SEATTLE Microsoft Corp is setting the price of its new Surface tablet below comparable versions of Apple Inc's iPad  signaling its intent to grab a slice of the booming tablet market."
"Microsoft prices Wi-Fi Surface tablet below new Apple iPad " "SEATTLE  Oct 16 Microsoft Corp is setting the price of its new Surface tablet below comparable versions of Apple Inc's iPad  signaling its intent to grab a slice of the booming tablet market."
"REFILE-Apple sets special event for Oct. 23 " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 16 Apple Inc will host an event next week in what is expected to be the unveiling of a smaller iPad  venturing into a market staked out well in advance by rivals Amazon.com Inc and Google Inc ."
"UPDATE 1-Apple sets Oct 23 event  smaller iPad expected " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 16 Apple Inc on Tuesday invited members of the media to an event next week where it is expected to challenge rivals Amazon.com Inc and Google Inc with a less expensive and smaller version of its popular iPad table."
"UPDATE 1-Best Buy to sell its own tablet for $239-$259 -source " "NEW YORK  Oct 16 Best Buy Co Inc is planning to sell its own tablet  the Android-based ""Insignia Flex "" for $239 to $259  a source familiar with the matter told Reuters  pitting the world's largest consumer electronics chain against the likes of Apple and Amazon.com Inc."
"Apple sets October 23 event  smaller iPad expected " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc on Tuesday invited members of the media to an event next week where it is expected to challenge rivals Amazon.com Inc and Google Inc with a less expensive and smaller version of its popular iPad tablet."
"REFILE-UPDATE 1-Apple sets Oct 23 event  smaller iPad expected " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 16 Apple Inc on Tuesday invited members of the media to an event next week where it is expected to challenge rivals Amazon.com Inc and Google Inc with a less expensive and smaller version of its popular iPad tablet."
"Apple loses tablet copyright appeal against Samsung " "LONDON Apple has lost its appeal against a ruling that cleared rival Samsung of copying its registered designs for tablet computers  in a decision which could end the two firms' legal dispute on the subject across Europe."
"Apple loses tablet copyright appeal against Samsung " "LONDON  Oct 18 Apple Inc lost its appeal over a ruling that its rival Samsung's Galaxy tablet did not copy the iPad in a British court on Thursday."
"Nokia posts loss  future hinges on new Lumia sales " "HELSINKI Nokia  reported another quarterly loss on Thursday and warned of more tough times ahead  raising the stakes for smartphone launches next month aimed at clawing back market share lost to Apple and Samsung."
"Nokia posts loss  raising stakes for new Lumia sales " "HELSINKI  Oct 18 Nokia reported another quarterly loss and dwindling cash reserves on Thursday  but results were better than expected ahead of next month's launch of new smartphones it hopes can win back market share from Apple and Samsung."
"UPDATE 2-Apple loses tablet copyright appeal against Samsung " "LONDON  Oct 18 Apple has lost its appeal against a ruling that cleared rival Samsung  of copying its registered designs for tablet computers  in a decision which could end the two firms' legal dispute on the subject across Europe."
"UPDATE 4-Nokia posts loss  future hinges on new Lumia sales " "* Underlying loss 0.07 euros per share vs forecast of -0.11 euros"
"Apple drops Java after experts warn Mac users on its security " "BOSTON Apple Inc is removing old versions of Oracle Corp's Java software from Internet browsers on the computers of its customers when they install the latest update to its Mac operating system."
"Apple drops Java after experts warn Mac users on its security " "BOSTON  Oct 19 Apple Inc is removing old versions of Oracle Corp's Java software from Internet browsers on the computers of its customers when they install the latest update to its Mac operating system."
"Mobile revolution  economy trip up tech giants " "SAN FRANCISCO Mobile may be the future for technology  but even with the worldwide proliferation of high-powered devices like smartphones and tablets  some companies are struggling to maintain consistent revenue streams. | Video "
"Federal agency to switch to iPhone  drop BlackBerry " "The U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency (ICE) said it will end its contract with BlackBerry maker Research In Motion Ltd in favor of Apple Inc's iPhone  dealing a new blow to RIM just months before it launches a vital new device."
"UPDATE 2-US federal agency to switch to iPhone  drop BlackBerry " "Oct 22 The U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency (ICE) said it will end its contract with BlackBerry maker Research In Motion Ltd in favor of Apple Inc's iPhone  dealing a new blow to RIM just months before it launches a vital new device."
"U.S. federal agency to switch to iPhone  drop BlackBerry " "Oct 22 The U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency (ICE) said will end its contract with BlackBerry maker Research In Motion in favor of Apple's  iPhone  dealing a fresh blow to RIM just months ahead of its launch of a vital new device."
"Apple's iPad mini to start at $329  go on sale Friday " "SAN JOSE Apple Inc will sell its new 7.9-inch ""iPad mini"" for $329 and up  higher than some industry observers had expected."
"Apple's iPad mini to start at $329  go on sale Friday " "SAN JOSE  Oct 23 Apple Inc will sell its new 7.9-inch ""iPad mini"" for $329 and up  higher than some industry observers had expected."
"Apple's Schiller defends iPad mini's price tag " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple marketing wizard Phil Schiller defended the $329 price of the new iPad mini tablet  saying consumers will be willing to pay for quality not found in less expensive devices from rivals like Google and Amazon."
"Apple's Schiller defends iPad mini's price tag " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 23 Apple marketing wizard Phil Schiller defended the $329 price of the new iPad mini tablet  saying consumers will be willing to pay for quality not found in less expensive devices from rivals like Google  and Amazon."
"Apple unwraps mini-iPad to take on Amazon  Google " "SAN JOSE Apple Inc will begin to sell an 8-inch version of the iPad on Friday to compete with Amazon.com Inc's Kindle and other smaller tablets  but it set a higher-than-expected price tag of $329 that Wall Street fears could curb demand."
"BRIEF-Apple unveils the iPad Mini " "SAN JOSE  California  Oct 23 Apple Inc :  * CEO tim cook says iphone 5 ""fastest-selling"" phone in history  * CEO says 200 million devices now running Mobile software ios6  * CEO says more than 35 billion Mobile apps have been downloaded  * CEO says company has paid out total of $6.5 billion to apps developers  * CEO announces new ""ibooks"" version  with continuous scrolling and icloud"
"CHRONOLOGY-Microsoft's path to Windows 8 " "Oct 23 Microsoft Corp releases Windows 8 on Friday  hoping the new touch-sensitive  tablet-friendly version of its flagship product will claw back ground lost to Apple Inc and Google Inc in mobile computing.     The following is a short history of the world's largest software maker and its best-known brand:      1975 - Microsoft founded by Bill Gates and Paul Allen  1981 - IBM introduces its personal computer with Microsoft's MS-DOS 1.0 operating system  which relies on typing comman"
"PRESS DIGEST - Financial Times - Oct 24 " "The BoE is ready to inject more cash into the fragile British economy if recent positive signs fade  BoE Governor Mervyn King said on Tuesday."
"Samsung wins preliminary round over Apple patent " "WASHINGTON Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  which is battling Apple Inc across the globe for dominance of the smartphone market  dealt the California company a setback by winning a preliminary invalidation of a key Apple patent  according to a court filing."
"UPDATE 7-Apple unwraps mini-iPad to take on Amazon  Google " "* iPad mini is Apple's first foray into small tablets     * Amazon  Google helped force its hand-analysts     * Price a little on high side  concerns about iPad cannibalization       By Poornima Gupta and Noel Randewich     SAN JOSE  Oct 23 Apple Inc will begin to sell an 8-inch version of the iPad on Friday to compete with Amazon.com Inc's Kindle and other smaller tablets  but it set a higher-than-expected price tag of $329 that Wall Street fears could curb demand.     The 7.9 inch "
"Apple's stock chart loses some sheen before results " "NEW YORK Apple Inc seems to still be the drug of choice for consumers of all stripes looking for sleek gadgetry."
"Dutch court says Samsung does not infringe Apple patent " "AMSTERDAM A Dutch court has ruled Samsung Electronics does not infringe an Apple Inc patent by using certain multi-touch techniques on some of the Samsung Galaxy smartphones and tablet computers."
"HOW TO PLAY IT-When a stock darling becomes a ""dud"" " "NEW YORK  Oct 24 After long stints as darlings of the stock market  three of Wall Street's most widely-owned companies have hit a wall this month."
"iPad mini won't upset low-end market: analysts " "Apple Inc's ""iPad mini"" will attract new customers but the higher-than-expected price is unlikely to make it a threat to low-cost tablets such as Amazon.com Inc's Kindle  analysts said  in a muted reaction to the new tablet. | Video "
"UPDATE 1-iPad mini won't upset low-end market - analysts " "* Canaccord Genuity raises share price target to $800 from $797"
"UPDATE 1-U.S. ITC judge says Samsung infringed Apple patents " "WASHINGTON  Oct 24 South Korea's Samsung Electronics  the world's top  maker of smartphones  infringed Apple patents to make its smartphones and tablets  a U.S. trade panel judge said in a preliminary decision issued on W edn esday."
"UPDATE 2-Dutch court says Samsung does not infringe Apple patent " "* Apple to pay Samsung's Dutch legal fees  c325 000 euros"
"U.S. ITC judge says Samsung infringed Apple patents " "WASHINGTON South Korea's Samsung Electronics  the world's top maker of smartphones  infringed Apple patents to make its smartphones and tablets  a U.S. trade panel judge said in a preliminary decision issued on Wednesday."
"U.S. ITC judge says Samsung infringed on Apple patents " "WASHINGTON  Oct 24 South Korea's Samsung Electronics  the world's top smartphone maker  infringed on Apple patents to make its smartphones and tablets  a U.S. trade panel judge said in a preliminary decision issued on Wednesday."
"When a stock darling becomes a ""dud"" " "NEW YORK After long stints as darlings of the stock market  three of Wall Street's most widely-owned companies have hit a wall this month."
"Apple iPad sales disappoint  Street eyes holiday quarter " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc delivered another quarter of lackluster results and iPad sales fell well short of Wall Street targets  pushing its stock down more than 1 percent."
"BRIEF-Apple CFO says iphone 5 'demand has been phenomenal' " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 25 Apple Inc :  * CFO says iphone 5 'demand has been phenomenal'  * CFO says demand for iphone 5 continues to 'outstrip supply'  * CFO says ended quarter with 9.1 million iphones in channel inventory  * CFO says average revenue per Apple store was $11.2 million  * CEO tim cook says seeing 'significant state of backlog' on iphone  * CEO tim cook says iphone output has increased significantly in recent weeks  * CEO cook says difficult to predict when iphone supply  d"
"BRIEF-Apple shares briefly turn higher in extended trading " "NEW YORK  Oct 25 Apple Inc :  * Shares briefly turned higher in extended trading following the release of its results. Shares were last trading down 0.1 percent."
"BRIEF-Apple shares pare losses  down 1.5 percent " "NEW YORK  Oct 25 Apple Inc :  * Shares pare losses  down 1.5 percent after results"
"Microsoft highlights Surface at Windows 8 launch " "NEW YORK/SEATTLE Microsoft Corp put its Surface tablet center stage at its Windows 8 launch event  hoping the sleek new device will spark a fightback against Apple Inc and Google Inc in the exploding mobile computing market."
"Samsung posts $7.4 billion profit as handsets mask weak chip sales " "SEOUL Samsung Electronics Co  the world's top technology firm by revenue  reported record quarterly profit of $7.4 billion on Friday  with strong sales of its Galaxy range of phones masking sharply lower memory chip sales."
"Samsung posts $7.4 bln profit  handsets mask weak chip sales " "SEOUL  Oct 26 Samsung Electronics Co   the world's top technology firm by revenue  reported record quarterly profit of $7.4 billion on Friday  with strong sales of its Galaxy range of phones masking sharply lower memory chip sales."
"UPDATE 1-Samsung posts $7.4 bln profit as handsets mask weak chip sales " "* Q3 operating profit 8.12 trln won  in line with guidance"
"UPDATE 3-Apple iPad sales disappoint  Street eyes holiday qtr " "* iPad disappoints  results fail to impress     * Investors focusing on holiday quarter     * Competition fierce over the holidays   (Adds earnings details  analysts' comments  byline)     By Poornima Gupta     SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 25 Apple Inc  delivered another quarter of lackluster results and iPad sales fell well short of Wall Street targets  pushing its stock down more than 1 percent.     The world's most valuable technology company  whose share price flirted after hours with sub-"
"US STOCKS-Wall St manages slim gain  Apple falls after results " "NEW YORK  Oct 25 U.S. stocks eked out small gains on Thursday in another uninspiring session on Wall Street  with worries about weak business spending keeping investors wary."
"Reuters Business News Schedule at 1230 GMT " "The Reuters business schedule runs at the following times:"
"RPT-UPDATE 4-Samsung posts $7.4 bln profit  handsets mask weak chips " "* Q3 operating profit 8.12 trln won  in line with guidance"
"Samsung posts $7.4 billion profit  handsets mask weak chips " "SEOUL South Korean technology powerhouse Samsung Electronics Co posted a fourth straight record quarterly profit - of $7.4 billion - with strong sales of its Galaxy range of phones masking sharply lower sales of memory chips. | Video "
"Tech CEOs trade barbs  warm up for holiday tablet wars " "SAN FRANCISCO The biggest names in consumer technology  stung by a string of disappointing quarterly results this month  are suiting up for what's shaping to be the fiercest holiday battle in years."
"TREASURIES-Prices rise with safe-haven support " "* Apple  Amazon results disappoint     * U.S. estimates Q3 GDP growth at 2 percent      By Chris Reese     NEW YORK  Oct 26 U.S. Treasuries rose in price on Friday after lackluster corporate earnings pushed stocks lower and bolstered the safe-haven allure of U.S. government debt.     Gains were pared briefly however after the government's advance estimate of third-quarter U.S. growth came in slightly above expectations at 2 percent  compared with annualized 1.3 percent growth in the "
"US STOCKS-Futures drop as Apple  Amazon results disappoint; GDP eyed " "* Futures down: Dow 106 pts  S&P 10.1 pts  Nasdaq 12.75 pts"
"US STOCKS-Futures fall after Apple  Amazon results; GDP eyed " "NEW YORK  Oct 26 U.S. stock index futures fell on Friday after technology giants Apple and Amazon.com reported lackluster earnings and outlooks  and ahead of economic growth data."
"US STOCKS-Wall St ends flat on Apple picking  but off for week " "* Dow up 0.03 pct  S&P 500 down 0.1 pct  Nasdaq up 0.1 pct"
"US STOCKS-Wall St falls on sour Apple results " "* Dow off 0.3 pct  S&P 500 off 0.5 pct  Nasdaq off 0.6 pct"
"US STOCKS-Wall St slips as sour Apple results weigh " "* Economic growth picks up in 3rd quarter  but still weak"
"Apple iPhone software and retail chiefs to leave company " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 29 Apple Inc said on Monday its head of iPhone software and its head of retail would leave  the biggest shake-up in the technology company's executive ranks since Tim Cook became chief executive last year."
"Apple software  retail chiefs out in sweeping overhaul " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook on Monday replaced the heads of its software and retail units in the company's most sweeping executive shake-up in a decade following embarrassing problems with its new mapping program and unpopular store-related decisions."
"CORRECTED-UPDATE 1-China Telecom Q3 profit falls for third consecutive quarter " "(Corrects headline to show third quarter of profit decline  not loss)"
"Random House and Penguin merge to take on Amazon  Apple " "LONDON Britain's Pearson and Germany's Bertelsmann plan to merge their publishers Penguin and Random House  aiming to gain the upper hand in their relationship with Amazon and Apple  the leaders in the ebook revolution. | Video "
"UPDATE 1-Verizon Wireless to sell Nokia's new Lumia smartphones " "HELSINKI  Oct 29 Verizon Wireless will begin selling Nokia's new Lumia smartphones this autumn  helping the Finnish company to fight back against Apple  and Samsung in the United States"
"UPDATE 2-Apple software  retail chiefs out in sweeping overhaul " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 29 Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook on Monday replaced the heads of its software and retail units in the company's most sweeping executive shake-up in a decade following embarrassing problems with its new mapping program and unpopular store-related decisions."
"UPDATE 5-Random House and Penguin merge to take on Amazon  Apple " "LONDON  Oct 29 Britain's Pearson and Germany's Bertelsmann plan to merge their publishers Penguin and Random House  aiming to gain the upper hand in their relationship with Amazon and Apple  the leaders in the ebook revolution."
"Apple in safe hands with bigger role for Ive: analysts " "The exit of Apple Inc's  longtime mobile software products chief may be a surprise  but a band of able executives led by Tim Cook and a bigger role for design boss Jonathan Ive meant the company was in good hands  analysts said on Tuesday. | Video "
"Apple software  retail chiefs out in overhaul " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc CEO Tim Cook on Monday pushed out the powerful head of the company's mobile software products group  sources said  in a major management shake-up that also claimed the recently hired chief of the retail stores division."
"PRESS DIGEST - FINANCIAL TIMES - OCT 30 " "EDITOR CHARGED OVER SWISS BANK EXPOSE ATTACKS 'SICK' GREEK SYSTEM"
"UPDATE 4-Apple software  retail chiefs out in overhaul " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 29 Apple Inc CEO Tim Cook on Monday pushed out the powerful head of the company's mobile software products group  sources said  in a major management shake-up that also claimed the recently hired chief of the retail stores division."
"Apple's iPad mini packs full-sized punch but screen inferior: reviews " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc's entry in the accelerating mobile tablet race squeezes about 35 percent more viewing space onto a lighter package than rival devices from Google or Amazon.com Inc  but it sports inferior resolution and a lofty price tag  two influential reviewers wrote on Tuesday."
"Apple's iPad mini packs full-sized punch but screen inferior -reviews " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 30 Apple Inc's entry in the accelerating mobile tablet race squeezes about 35 percent more viewing space onto a lighter package than rival devices from Google or Amazon.com Inc  but it sports inferior resolution and a lofty price tag  two influential reviewers wrote on Tuesday."
"Hon Hai shares rise after strong Q3 profit " "TAIPEI Shares of Taiwan's Hon Hai Precision Industry  jumped on Wednesday after the main manufacturer of Apple Inc's  products posted a sharp rise in quarterly net profit  boosted by new gadget launches by the California giant."
"iPhone 5 boosts Cirrus Logic's revenue; shares jump " "Audio chipmaker Cirrus Logic Inc  whose chips were used in Apple Inc's iPhone 5  reported a 91 percent jump in second-quarter sales and its forecast for current-quarter revenue crushed analysts' estimates."
"Pentagon sees further use of BlackBerry as door opens to others " "WASHINGTON  Oct 31 The Pentagon on Wednesday said it would continue to support ""large numbers"" of BlackBerry phones made by Research in Motion Ltd even as it moves forward with plans that would allow the U.S. military to begin using Apple Inc's iPhone and other devices."
"Pentagon sees further use of BlackBerry as door opens to others " "WASHINGTON The Pentagon on Wednesday said it would continue to support ""large numbers"" of BlackBerry phones made by Research in Motion Ltd even as it moves forward with plans that would allow the U.S. military to begin using Apple Inc's iPhone and other devices."
"UPDATE 1-iPhone 5 boosts Cirrus Logic's revenue; shares jump " "Oct 31 Audio chipmaker Cirrus Logic Inc   whose chips were used in Apple Inc's iPhone 5  reported a 91 percent jump in second-quarter sales and its forecast for current-quarter revenue crushed analysts' estimates."
"UPDATE 2-Hon Hai shares rise after strong Q3 profit " "* Q3 net up 58 pct from year ago on iPhone 5 and iPad mini orders"
"Apple's Cook fields his A-team before a wary Street " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 31 Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook's new go-to management team of mostly familiar faces failed to drum up much excitement on Wall Street  driving its shares to a three-month low on Wednesday."
"Apple's Cook fields his A-team before a wary Wall Street " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook's new go-to management team of mostly familiar faces failed to drum up much excitement on Wall Street  driving its shares to a three-month low on Wednesday."
"Apple's iPad mini includes LCD display driver from rival Samsung " "SAN FRANCISCO  Nov 1 Apple Inc's new iPad mini appears to include an LCD display driver from South Korea's Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  a key supplier but also the Silicon Valley tech giant's fiercest rival in a global mobile-device war."
"Court in UK tells Apple to change statement on Samsung case " "LONDON Apple must re-write a statement posted on its website acknowledging that Samsung did not infringe on its registered designs for tablet computers  and place it more prominently on its homepage  a court in the UK ruled on Thursday."
"Court in UK tells Apple to change statement on Samsung case " "LONDON  Nov 1 Apple must re-write a statement posted on its website acknowledging that Samsung  did not infringe on its  registered designs for tablet computers  and place it more prominently on its homepage  a court in the UK ruled on Thursday."
"First iPad mini teardown reveals Samsung display " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc's iPad mini uses a display from South Korea's Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  one of Apple's major suppliers and also its fiercest rival in the global mobile-device market that the two companies dominate."
"Microsoft pushes new Windows to developers " "SEATTLE Days after launching Windows 8  Microsoft Corp is mounting a strong campaign to win over the software developers it needs to kick-start its new operating system."
"Microsoft pushes new Windows to developers " "SEATTLE  Nov 1 Days after launching Windows 8  Microsoft Corp is mounting a strong campaign to win over the software developers it needs to kick-start its new operating system."
"RPT-Apple's Cook fields his A-team before a wary Street " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 31 Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook's new go-to management team of mostly familiar faces failed to drum up much excitement on Wall Street  driving its shares to a three-month low on Wednesday."
"UPDATE 2-First iPad mini teardown reveals Samsung display " "* IPad mini hits store shelves in 34 countries Friday     * First dismantling shows Samsung display -iFixit       By Noel Randewich     SAN FRANCISCO  Nov 1 Apple Inc's iPad mini uses a display from South Korea's Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  one of Apple's major suppliers and also its fiercest rival in the global mobile-device market that the two companies dominate.         Analysts say the Silicon Valley-based iPhone maker is trying to wean itself off its reliance on Samsung  as both"
"Apple iPad mini draws New Yorkers; crowds thin elsewhere " "NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc's iPad mini hit stores around the world on Friday  attracting sparser crowds than previous Apple launches  but the kickoff still drew hundreds of New Yorkers only days after one of the biggest storms to hit the United States. | Video "
"Apple rolls out iPad mini in Asia to shorter lines " "SYDNEY Apple fans lined up in several Asian cities to get their hands on the iPad mini on Friday  but the device  priced above rival gadgets from Google and Amazon.com  attracted smaller crowds than at the company's previous global rollouts."
"Apple rolls out iPad mini in Sydney to shorter lines " "SYDNEY  Nov 2 Apple fans lined up in Sydney  Australia  to get their hands on the iPad mini on Friday  but the device  priced above rival gadgets from Google and Amazon.com  attracted smaller crowds than at the company's previous global rollouts."
"Google's Android software in 3 out of 4 smartphones " "SAN FRANCISCO  Nov 2 Three out of every four smartphones sold in the third quarter featured Google Inc's  Android mobile operating system  as the gap between Google and Apple Inc-based phones widened further  according to a new research report."
"Google's Android software in 3 out of 4 smartphones " "SAN FRANCISCO Three out of every four smartphones sold in the third quarter featured Google Inc's Android mobile operating system  as the gap between Google and Apple Inc-based phones widened further  according to a new research report."
"UPDATE 4-Apple iPad mini draws New Yorkers; crowds thin elsewhere " "NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO  Nov 2 Apple Inc's  iPad mini hit stores around the world on Friday  attracting sparser crowds than previous Apple launches  but the kickoff still drew hundreds of New Yorkers only days after one of the biggest storms to hit the United States."
"Apple says sold 3 mln iPads since Friday " "Nov 5 Apple Inc said it sold three million iPads in the three days since Friday  when it launched the new iPad mini and the fourth-generation iPad."
"Apple sells 3 million iPads over first weekend " "SAN FRANCISCO/NEW YORK Apple Inc sold 3 million of its new iPads in the first three days the tablet computers were available  driving optimism for a strong holiday quarter despite intensifying competition."
"Google says Apple patent lawsuit dismissed " "SAN FRANCISCO  Nov 5 Google Inc said on Monday that the court has dismissed Apple Inc's patent lawsuit with prejudice."
"REFILE-UPDATE 2-U.S. judge tosses Apple vs. Google lawsuit over patents " "Nov 5 Apple's lawsuit against Google's Motorola Mobility unit over alleged patent abuse was thrown out on Monday just hours before trial  a setback for the iPhone maker in its efforts to gain leverage in the smartphone patent wars."
"UPDATE 1-Windows Phone sales to ""ramp quickly"" - Microsoft CEO " "TEL AVIV  Nov 5 Microsoft expects its newly launched Windows Phone to become a strong challenger in the smartphone market  Chief Executive Steve Ballmer said on Monday."
"UPDATE 3-Apple sells 3 million iPads over first weekend " "SAN FRANCISCO/NEW YORK  Nov 5 Apple Inc  sold 3 million of its new iPads in the first three days the tablet computers were available  driving optimism for a strong holiday quarter despite intensifying competition."
"U.S. judge tosses Apple vs. Google lawsuit over patents " "An Apple's lawsuit against Google's Motorola Mobility unit over alleged patent abuse was thrown out on Monday just hours before trial  a setback for the iPhone maker in its efforts to gain leverage in the smartphone patent wars."
"US STOCKS-Wall St flat to lower before U.S. vote  Apple advances " "* Dow off 0.12 pct  S&P down 0.12 pct  Nasdaq off 0.16 pct"
"Windows Phone sales to ""ramp quickly"": Microsoft CEO " "TEL AVIV Microsoft expects its newly launched Windows Phone to become a strong challenger in the smartphone market  Chief Executive Steve Ballmer said on Monday. | Video "
"Apple sells 3 million iPads over first weekend " "SAN FRANCISCO/NEW YORK Apple Inc sold 3 million of its new iPads in the first three days the tablet computers were available  driving optimism for a strong holiday quarter despite intensifying competition."
"Exclusive - Amazon to win EU e-book pricing tussle with Apple " "BRUSSELS European Union regulators are to end an antitrust probe into e-book prices by accepting an offer by Apple and four publishers to ease price restrictions on Amazon  two sources said on Tuesday."
"EXCLUSIVE-UPDATE 1-Amazon to win out over Apple in e-book price tussle " "* Critics say current system stops Apple being undercut   (Recasts lead  Adds EU Commission no comment  details)"
"FINRA investigating Rochdale trades in Apple shares: WSJ " "An independent securities regulator is investigating alleged unauthorized trades in Apple Inc shares at Rochdale Securities LLC that have placed the brokerage in a financially shaky position  the Wall Street Journal reported."
"FINRA investigating Rochdale trades in Apple shares - WSJ " "Nov 5 An independent securities regulator is investigating alleged unauthorized trades in Apple Inc  shares at Rochdale Securities LLC that have placed the brokerage in a financially shaky position  the Wall Street Journal reported."
"PRESS DIGEST - Financial Times - Nov 6 " "Some of the largest US asset managers and pension funds issued an urgent warning over America's looming budget crisis  underlining concern in the markets of a damaging political stand-off in the event of a narrow election victory for Barack Obama."
"UPDATE 4-Apple sells 3 million iPads over first weekend " "SAN FRANCISCO/NEW YORK  Nov 5 Apple Inc  sold 3 million of its new iPads in the first three days the tablet computers were available  driving optimism for a strong holiday quarter despite intensifying competition."
"Apple slides to five-month low  uncertainty grows " "SAN FRANCISCO/NEW YORK Shares of Apple Inc slid almost 4 percent on Wednesday to a five-month low as investors grew more uncertain about its ability to fend off unprecedented competition and untangle a snarled iPhone 5 supply chain."
"Apple's shares slide 4 percent to five-month low " "* Stock down more than 20 percent from record in September"
"BRIEF-Apple shares enter bear market; hit lowest in 5 months " "NEW YORK  Nov 7 Apple Inc :  * Shares down 20 percent since September 19  hit lowest level since June 5"
"DoubleLine's Gundlach says Apple may drop to $425/share: CNBC " "NEW YORK Apple shares could come under further selling pressure and drop to $425 a share over the next year on lack of innovation  said Jeffrey Gundlach  chief investment officer and chief executive officer of DoubleLine Capital LP."
"DoubleLine's Gundlach says Apple may drop to $425/share-CNBC " "NEW YORK  Nov 7 Apple shares could come under further selling pressure and drop to $425 a share over the next year on lack of innovation  said Jeffrey Gundlach  chief investment officer and chief executive officer of DoubleLine Capital LP."
"Foxconn's Gou says tough to cope with iPhone demand " "TAIPEI  Nov 7 Taiwan's Foxconn Technology Group said on Wednesday the company's flagship Hon Hai unit is finding it difficult to cope with the massive demand for Apple Inc's iPhones."
"Foxconn's Gou says tough to cope with iPhone demand " "TAIPEI Taiwan's Foxconn Technology Group said on Wednesday the company's flagship Hon Hai unit is finding it difficult to cope with the massive demand for Apple Inc's iPhones."
"UPDATE 1-Apple shares slide to 5-month low  competition grows " "* Apple enters bear market  down more than 20 pct from record"
"VirnetX says jury asks Apple to pay $368 million in patent case " "Shares of VirnetX Holding Corp jumped 27 percent after a jury asked Apple Inc to pay about $368 million to the Internet security software maker for infringement of four patents."
"VirnetX says jury asks Apple to pay $368 mln in patent case " "Nov 7 Shares of VirnetX Holding Corp  jumped 27 percent after a jury asked Apple Inc to pay about $368 million to the Internet security software maker for infringement of four patents."
"AT&T extends FaceTime to tiered plans for high-speed customers " "NEW YORK  Nov 8 AT&T Inc said on Thursday that it will expand availability of Apple Inc's  FaceTime video application to all customers of its usage-based high-speed data services after its limit of the service to certain customers sparked a controversy."
"Galaxy S3 takes No. 1 position in smartphone market: research " "Samsung Electronics' Galaxy S3 became the world's best-selling smartphone model last quarter  pushing aside Apple Inc's iPhone  which has dominated the chart for more than two years  research firm Strategy Analytics said on Thursday."
"Sony says online network chief quits " "TOKYO  Nov 8 Sony Corp's network strategy chief  Tim Schaaff  will quit next month after leading the Japanese company's efforts to build a unified online content delivery platform to compete with Apple Inc for the past seven years."
"Sony says online network chief quits " "TOKYO Sony Corp's network strategy chief  Tim Schaaff  will quit next month after leading the Japanese company's efforts to build a unified online content delivery platform to compete with Apple Inc  for the past seven years."
"UPDATE 1-China Unicom expects to start selling iPhone 5 by yr-end " "BEIJING  Nov 9 China Unicom  the country's second-largest mobile carrier  expects to begin selling Apple Inc's latest iPhones this year and has set an ambitious target of having 100 million 3G users by end-2012 as it tries to attract high-end users to lift profits."
"Apple and HTC settle global patent battle " "Apple Inc and HTC Corp announced on Saturday a global patent settlement and 10-year licensing agreement that ends one of the first major conflagrations of the smartphone patent wars."
"Apple and HTC settle global patent war " "Nov 10 Apple Inc and HTC Corp  announced on Saturday a global patent settlement and 10-year license agreement that includes current and future patents held by the companies."
"UPDATE 1-Apple and HTC settle global patent battle " "Nov 10 Apple Inc and HTC Corp  announced on Saturday a global patent settlement and 10-year licensing agreement that ends one of the first major conflagrations of the smartphone patent wars."
"Analysis: Google's Android finally earns respect with developers " "SAN FRANCISCO The mobile video game Kingdoms at War is popular with owners of Apple Inc's iPhone and Google Inc's Android smartphones alike. But for the game's maker  there is a very important difference - it earns more than double the money on iPhones and iPads than it does on Android devices."
"HTC shares jump after settles patent issues with Apple " "TAIPEI Shares of HTC Corp jumped by their permitted daily limit on Monday after the Taiwanese smartphone maker announced a global patent settlement and 10-year licensing agreement with Apple Inc  allowing the struggling company to focus on product development."
"PRESS DIGEST - Financial Times - Nov 12 " "The BBC was scrambling on Sunday to limit the damage done by a scandal that has seen Director-General George Entwistle quit and Chairman Lord Patten call for a ""radical overhaul""."
"Shares of HTC limit-up after settling patent issues with Apple " "TAIPEI  Nov 12 Shares of HTC Corp  jumped by their permitted daily limit on Monday after the Taiwanese smartphone maker and Apple Inc announced a global patent settlement and 10-year licensing agreement."
"UPDATE 1-HTC shares jump after settles patent issues with Apple " "* Settlement positive to HTC's focus and product development-analysts"
"Apple stops selling customer protection plan at Italian shops " "MILAN Apple Inc has stopped selling a customer protection plan that raised concerns with Italy's antitrust authority  a company spokesman said on Tuesday."
"Apple stops selling customer protection plan at Italian shops " "MILAN  Nov 13 Apple Inc has stopped selling a customer protection plan that raised concerns with Italy's antitrust authority  a company spokesman said on Tuesday."
"Taiwan bourse says looking into unusual HTC share move " "TAIPEI  Nov 13 The Taiwan stock exchange said on Tuesday it is looking into unusual moves in the shares of HTC Corp one day before the smartphone maker announced a settlement with Apple Inc."
"UPDATE 1-Taiwan bourse says looking into unusual HTC share move " "TAIPEI  Nov 13 The Taiwan stock exchange said on Tuesday it is looking into unusual moves in the shares of HTC Corp one day before the smartphone maker announced a settlement with Apple Inc."
"Verizon to sell HTC's Droid DNA smartphone as holiday flagship " "NEW YORK  Nov 13 Verizon Wireless said on Tuesday that it plans to sell HTC Corp's latest smartphone  the Droid DNA  as its flagship phone for the holiday season."
"Verizon to sell HTC's Droid DNA smartphone as holiday flagship " "NEW YORK Verizon Wireless said on Tuesday that it plans to sell HTC Corp's latest smartphone  the Droid DNA  as its flagship phone for the holiday season."
"Apple  Samsung allowed to add products in U.S. patent lawsuit " "A U.S. judge allowed Samsung Electronics Co Ltd to pursue claims the iPhone5 infringes its patents on Thursday  while also allowing Apple Inc to add claims that the Samsung Galaxy Note  Galaxy S III and the Jelly Bean operating system violate its patents."
"Apple  Samsung allowed to add products in U.S. patent lawsuit " "Nov 15 A U.S. judge allowed Samsung Electronics Co Ltd to pursue claims the iPhone5 infringes its patents on Thursday  while also allowing Apple Inc to add claims that the Samsung Galaxy Note  Galaxy S III and the Jelly Bean operating system violate its patents."
"High-flying Apple falls to earth as investors fret over taxes " "NEW YORK Gravity has taken hold of Apple  and a lot of investors have been smacked on the head."
"High-flying Apple falls to earth as investors fret over taxes " "NEW YORK  Nov 16 Gravity has taken hold of Apple   and a lot of investors have been smacked on the head."
"Samsung goes after HTC deal to undercut Apple-filing " "SAN FRANCISCO  Nov 16 When Apple Inc  and HTC Corp last week ended their worldwide legal battles with a 10-year patent licensing agreement  they declined to answer a critical question: whether all of Apple's patents were covered by the deal."
"Samsung goes after HTC deal to undercut Apple " "SAN FRANCISCO When Apple Inc and HTC Corp last week ended their worldwide legal battles with a 10-year patent licensing agreement  they declined to answer a critical question: whether all of Apple's patents were covered by the deal."
"UPDATE 1-Samsung goes after HTC deal to undercut Apple " "SAN FRANCISCO  Nov 16 When Apple Inc  and HTC Corp last week ended their worldwide legal battles with a 10-year patent licensing agreement  they declined to answer a critical question: whether all of Apple's patents were covered by the deal."
"Aussie rockers AC/DC's music to be sold on iTunes " "NEW YORK AC/DC'S entire catalogue  including 20 studio and live albums and three compilations will be available on iTunes for the first time worldwide  Columbia Records and Apple said on Monday."
"UPDATE 1-US ITC will review Apple  Samsung patent decision " "WASHINGTON  Nov 19 The U.S. International Trade Commission will review a judge's decision which found that Apple  did not violate patents owned by Samsung Electronics  in making the iPod touch  iPhone and iPad."
"U.S. ITC will review Apple  Samsung patent decision " "WASHINGTON The U.S. International Trade Commission will review a judge's decision which found that Apple did not violate patents owned by Samsung Electronics in making the iPod touch  iPhone and iPad."
"US will review decision that Apple didn't violate Samsung patent " "WASHINGTON  Nov 19 The U.S. International Trade Commission will review a judge's decision which found that Apple  did not violate patents owned by Samsung Electronics  in making the iPod touch  iPhone and iPad."
"HTC exec slams media reports on Apple licence deal " "TOKYO  Nov 20 Taiwanese smartphone maker HTC Corp is happy with its settlement with Apple Inc  after a patent dispute  but regards media reports on details of the licensing agreement as ""outrageous""  chief executive Peter Chou told reporters at a product launch in Tokyo on Tuesday."
"HTC ""happy"" with Apple settlement  slams media estimates " "TOKYO Taiwan's HTC Corp is happy with its patent settlement with Apple Inc  but regards media reports on details of the licensing agreement as ""outrageous""  chief executive Peter Chou told reporters on Tuesday."
"Odd lot orders to be added to U.S. stock data feed " "* Trading of lots of under 100 shares has become more common"
"Seoul shares up on U.S. data and fiscal hopes; LG Display jumps " "* Panel maker LG Display among best gainer following Apple's jump"
"UPDATE 1-HTC ""happy"" with Apple settlement  slams media estimates " "* CEO Chou calls media estimates of HTC payment to Apple ""outrageous"""
"Samsung wins U.S. court order to access Apple-HTC deal details " "SAN FRANCISCO A U.S. judge has ordered Apple Inc to disclose to rival Samsung Electronics details of a legal settlement the iPhone maker reached with Taiwan's HTC Corp  including terms of a 10-year patents licensing agreement."
"S.Korea-Market Factors to watch on Nov 23 " "SEOUL  Nov 23 Following is a list of events in South Korea as well as news stories and press reports that may influence financial markets.          TOP STORIES >S.Korea warns of action to curb surging won             >Samsung wins court order for Apple-HTC deal details  >Fitch cuts Sony  Panasonic debt ratings to 'junk'   >UAE's ADNOC to store crude in S.Korean facility     >IEA wants nuclear sector to be more transparent                MARKETS >KOSPI rebounds as Sa"
"South Korean shares rebound as Samsung Elec hits record high " "* Samsung Elec rises to record closing high on smartphones"
"UPDATE 1-Samsung wins U.S. court order to access Apple-HTC deal details " "SAN FRANCISCO  Nov 21 A U.S. judge has ordered Apple Inc to disclose to rival Samsung Electronics  details of a legal settlement the iPhone maker reached with Taiwan's HTC Corp  including terms of a 10-year patents licensing agreement."
"U.S. judge orders Apple to tell Samsung details of HTC deal " "SAN FRANCISCO  Nov 21 A U.S. judge has ordered Apple Inc to disclose to rival Samsung Electronics  details of a legal settlement the iPhone maker reached with Taiwan's HTC Corp  including terms of a 10-year patents licensing agreement."
"China's Xiaomi delays TV set-top box due to government probe-media " "SHANGHAI  Nov 23 China's Xiaomi Technology has delayed the launch of its television set-top box  similar to Apple Inc's Apple TV  after the country's broadcast regulator opened an investigation into the device  local media reported on Friday."
"Apple seeks to add more products to Samsung patent lawsuit " "Apple Inc has asked a federal court to add six more products to its patent infringement lawsuit against Samsung Electronics Co  including the Samsung Galaxy Note II  in the latest in move in an ongoing legal war between the two companies."
"Apple seeks to add more products to Samsung patent lawsuit " "* Says the new products infringe on same claims earlier asserted by Apple"
"EU's Almunia looks at links between platforms and app developers " "BRUSSELS  Nov 26 EU regulators are examining the link between technology platform owners and application developers  the EU's antitrust chief said  in a move that could spell trouble for Apple and Google  leaders in a burgeoning industry."
"US STOCKS-Wall St edges down after recent rally; retailers weigh " "* Euro zone finance ministers in third attempt at Greek deal"
"Apple has top U.S. smartphone  passes Google: research firm " "HELSINKI Early success for the iPhone 5 smartphone has helped Apple to overtake Google's Android software in the United States  research firm Kantar WorldPanel said on Tuesday. | Video "
"RPT-UPDATE 1-Apple has top US smartphone  passes Google -research firm " "HELSINKI  Nov 27 Early success for the iPhone 5 smartphone has helped Apple to overtake Google's Android software in the United States  research firm Kantar WorldPanel said on Tuesday."
"UPDATE 1-Apple has top US smartrphone  passes Google -research firm " "* BlackBerry market share down everywhere but Germany   (New throughout with market reaction  data on Research in Motion)"
"China's tablet market grows 63 pct in Q3; Apple is king " "SHANGHAI  Nov 28 China's tablet PC market grew 62.5 percent in the third quarter from the previous year  dominated by Apple Inc's iPad which snared more than two-thirds of sales  an industry report said on Wednesday."
"China's tablet market grows 63 percent in third quarter; Apple is king " "SHANGHAI China's tablet PC market grew 62.5 percent in the third quarter from the previous year  dominated by Apple Inc's iPad which snared more than two-thirds of sales  an industry report said on Wednesday."
"Samsung Galaxy products infringe Apple patent: Dutch court " "AMSTERDAM A Dutch court ruled on Wednesday that some of Samsung Electronics' Galaxy smartphones and tablets infringe an Apple patent in the latest round of the two firms' worldwide battle."
"Some Samsung Galaxy products infringe Apple patent -Dutch court " "AMSTERDAM  Nov 28 A Dutch court ruled on Wednesday that some of Samsung Electronics' Galaxy smartphones and tablets infringe an Apple patent in the latest round of the two firms' worldwide battle."
"Apple's iPhone 5 gets final approval for China release " "SHANGHAI Apple Inc's latest iPhone has received final clearance from Chinese regulators  paving the way for a December debut in a highly competitive market where the lack of a new model had severely eroded its share of product sales."
"Apple's iPhone 5 gets final approval for China release " "SHANGHAI  Nov 30 Apple Inc's latest iPhone has received final clearance from Chinese regulators  paving the way for a December debut in a highly competitive market where the lack of a new model had severely eroded its share of product sales."
"CORRECTED-BRIEF-Apple says iPad mini to be available in China from Dec. 7 " "(Corrects headline to show that iPad mini will be available in China from Dec. 7  and not iPhone 5)"
"RPT-COLUMN-Why you need to sidestep Apple stock in tech investing " "CHICAGO  Dec 3 It's easy to believe in technology stocks again."
"FBI arrests ex-Rochdale trader who imperiled firm " "NEW YORK The FBI on Tuesday arrested David Miller  a former Rochdale Securities trader whose outsized  unauthorized purchases of Apple stock in October nearly sank his firm."
"Former Rochdale Securities trader arrested in fraud scheme " "NEW YORK  Dec 4 The FBI arrested a former trader at the Connecticut firm Rochdale Securities on Tuesday in a fraud scheme involving Apple stock  U.S. prosecutors said."
"Former Rochdale Securities trader arrested in fraud scheme " "NEW YORK The FBI arrested a former trader at the Connecticut firm Rochdale Securities on Tuesday in a fraud scheme involving Apple  stock  U.S. prosecutors said."
"UPDATE 1-FBI arrests ex-Rochdale trader who imperiled firm " "NEW YORK  Dec 4 The FBI on Tuesday arrested David Miller  a former Rochdale Securities trader whose outsized  unauthorized purchases of Apple stock in October nearly sank his firm."
"Apple's shares swallow biggest loss in four years " "NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc shares tumbled more than 6 percent on Wednesday  chalking up their biggest single-day loss in four years as fears grow about intensifying competition in the mobile device market."
"BRIEF-Apple shares post largest daily pct decline since Dec 17 2008 " "NEW YORK  Dec 5 Apple Inc :  * Shares posted their largest daily percentage decline since Dec. 17 2008"
"CORRECTED-US STOCKS-Dow  S&P end higher  but Apple sinks Nasdaq in wild day " "(Corrects paragraph 17 to show previous rating for Greece was ""CCC"" and not ""C"")"
"CORRECTED-US STOCKS-Dow  S&P end higher  but Apple sinks Nasdaq in wild day " "(Corrects paragraph 2 to note Dow's best day since Nov. 28 and not Nov. 23)"
"US STOCKS-Apple slump drags Wall Street lower " "NEW YORK  Dec 5 An unexpected decline in shares of Apple Inc led U.S. stocks lower on Wednesday  as the tech giant dropped nearly 5 percent in heavy trading."
"US STOCKS-Dow  S&P rebound on banks  but Nasdaq sours with Apple " "* Travelers' gain leads Dow higher  Apple's drop hits Nasdaq"
"US STOCKS-Dow  S&P rise  but Nasdaq sours with Apple in wild day " "* Apple struggles throughout session  worst day since 2008"
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Choppy Wall St ends mostly up  Apple falls " "NEW YORK  Dec 5 A volatile trading session ended with U.S. stocks mostly higher on Wednesday  even as Apple  the most valuable U.S. company  suffered its worst day of losses in nearly four years."
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Nasdaq falls 1 pct  Apple weighs " "NEW YORK  Dec 5 U.S. stocks added to losses in morning trading Wednesday  with the Nasdaq Composite shedding more than 1 percent as shares of Apple dropped nearly 5 percent."
"US STOCKS-Wall St rebounds as banks  Travelers offset Apple " "NEW YORK  Dec 5 U.S stocks advanced in a choppy session on Wednesday as a rally in bank shares and The Travelers  a Dow component  overshadowed Apple's unexpected drop and weakness in the technology sector."
"Apple  Samsung face off in court again " "SAN JOSE Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics squared off again in court on Thursday  as the iPhone maker prepares to convince a U.S. district judge to ban sales of a number of the Korean company's devices and defend a $1.05 billion jury award."
"Apple  Samsung face off in court again " "SAN JOSE  Dec 6 Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics squared off again in court on Thursday  as the iPhone maker prepares to convince a U.S. district judge to ban sales of a number of the Korean company's devices and defend a $1.05 billion jury award."
"Apple's gains lift tech in quiet day before jobs data " "NEW YORK Stocks closed modestly higher on Thursday  a day ahead of the key monthly jobs report  as a rebound in shares of Apple helped boost technology shares. | Video "
"Apple to return some Mac production to U.S. in 2013 " "NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc plans to move some production of Macintosh computers to the United States from China next year  Chief Executive Tim Cook said in remarks published on Thursday  in what could be a important test of the nascent comeback in U.S. electronics manufacturing."
"S.Korea-Market Factors to watch on Dec 7 " "SEOUL  Dec 7 Following is a list of events in South Korea as well as news stories and press reports that may influence financial markets.          TOP STORIES > S.Korea 2012 growth seen below BOK forecast        > Apple's shares swallow biggest loss in 4 years     > Japan insurers shortlisted for Panin Life stake    > Apple to return some Mac production to US in 2013  > Broadcom eyes entry into LTE chip market in 2013   > U.S. seen extending Iran sanction waivers   "
"UPDATE 2-Apple to return some Mac production to U.S. in 2013 " "* Some Mac production coming back to US from China-CEO Cook"
"UPDATE 2-Deutsche Telekom cuts dividend by almost a third " "* Deutsche Telekom shares close down 1.89 pct in Frankfurt"
"US STOCKS-Apple's gains lift tech in quiet day before jobs data " "* Apple's stock rises  one day after worst drop since 2008"
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall St ends higher; Apple shares rebound " "NEW YORK  Dec 6 U.S. stocks edged higher on Thursday a day ahead of the key monthly jobs report  with a rebound in Apple's shares helping to boost the Nasdaq."
"WiLan sues Apple  HTC  Sierra Wireless " "Dec 7 Canadian patent licensing company WiLan Inc filed patent lawsuits against Apple Inc  HTC Corp and Sierra Wireless Inc's U.S. unit."
"Apple and Samsung: A defining rivalry in a changed mobile market " "JAKARTA/SEOUL  Dec 7 What a difference three months can make."
"Apple and Samsung: A defining rivalry in a changed mobile market " "JAKARTA/SEOUL What a difference three months can make."
"Apple to return some Mac production to U.S. in 2013 " "SAN FRANCISCO/NEW YORK Apple Inc plans to move some production of Macintosh computers to the United States from China next year  Chief Executive Tim Cook said in remarks published on Thursday  in what could be a important test of the nascent comeback in U.S. electronics manufacturing."
"China's mini Apple takes slice of smartphone pie " "BEIJING China's Xiaomi Technology is a fairy tale for nerdy entrepreneurs. | Video "
"EU regulators receive fresh patent complaints - official " "BRUSSELS  Dec 7 EU regulators are examining fresh complaints about alleged infringements of technology patents  a senior EU antitrust official said on Friday  a sign of the increasing stakes in the battle to protect intellectual property rights."
"EU regulators receive fresh patent complaints: official " "BRUSSELS EU regulators are examining fresh complaints about alleged infringements of technology patents  a senior EU antitrust official said on Friday  a sign of the increasing stakes in the battle to protect intellectual property rights."
"REFILE-INTERVIEW-China's mini Apple takes slice of smartphone pie " "* Xiaomi sees $2 bln revenue in 2012 on 7 million smartphone sales"
"UPDATE 4-Apple to return some Mac production to U.S. in 2013 " "* Some Mac production coming back to US from China-CEO Cook"
"US STOCKS-Dow  S&P rise on jobs  but Apple bites Nasdaq again " "* Dow up 0.6 pct  S&P up 0.3 pct  Nasdaq down 0.4 pct   (Updates to close)"
"US STOCKS-Solid jobs data spurs little buying  Apple falls again " "* Dow up 0.4 pct  S&P up 0.1 pct  Nasdaq down 0.5 pct   (Updates to early afternoon)"
"Apple  JPMorgan among Barron's top 10 picks for 2013 " "NEW YORK Corporate giants Apple   JPMorgan Chase  and Royal Dutch Shell  all made it into Barron's top 10 stock picks for 2013  the financial weekly reported on Sunday."
"Apple  JPMorgan among Barron's top 10 picks for 2013 " "NEW YORK  Dec 9 Corporate giants Apple  JPMorgan Chase and Royal Dutch Shell all made it into Barron's top 10 stock picks for 2013  the financial weekly reported on Sunday."
"RPT-Apple and Samsung: A defining rivalry in a changed mobile market " "JAKARTA/SEOUL  Dec 7 What a difference three months can make."
"S.Korea-Market Factors to watch on Dec 10 " "SEOUL  Dec 10 Following is a list of events in South Korea as well as news stories and press reports that may influence financial markets.          TOP STORIES >Pretty boys give S.Korean cosmetics Asian appeal   >No quick dividend seen for Siemens' Osram listing  >Apple to return some Mac production to US in 2013  >US likely to extend Iran sanction waivers-sources  >Apple  Samsung spar in court  ruling to come                MARKETS >S.Korea won up on foreign inflow"
"Apple Australia map glitch: Snakes! In the desert! " "* Apple phone map directs drivers to desert park  police say"
"Taiwan Apple Inc supplier Hon Hai's Nov sales up 14.5 pct " "TAIPEI  Dec 10 Hon Hai Precision Industry Co Ltd   a major supplier of parts to Apple Inc  said on Monday that unconsolidated November sales rose 14.5 percent from a year earlier."
"YOUR MONEY-The Apple Tax: America's costly obsession " "NEW YORK  Dec 10 With the ""fiscal cliff"" looming  taxpayers are wringing their hands about all sorts of things. Income taxes might rise  dividends might get walloped  lifetime gift-tax exemptions might get slashed."
"Your Money: The ""Apple Tax"" - America's costly obsession " "NEW YORK With the ""fiscal cliff"" looming  taxpayers are wringing their hands about all sorts of things. Income taxes might rise  dividends might get walloped  lifetime gift-tax exemptions might get slashed."
"Apple Australia map glitch: Snakes! In the desert! " "CANBERRA Australian police have warned travellers off using Apple's troubled iPhone mapping software after several motorists became stuck in a snake-infested  desert corner of the country while using their phone for directions."
"UPDATE 2-Microsoft ups Surface production  to sell in more stores " "SEATTLE  Dec 11 Microsoft Corp has stepped up manufacturing of the Surface tablet  its new device designed to counter Apple Inc's iPad  and will introduce it to third-party retailers this week."
"US STOCKS-Tech shares propel Wall St higher; Fed eyed " "NEW YORK  Dec 11 Wall Street opened higher on Tuesday  lifted by gains in shares of technology companies as investors picked up some recent laggards  including Apple."
"Amazon wins EU e-book pricing battle with Apple " "BRUSSELS European Union regulators ended an antitrust probe into e-book prices on Thursday  accepting an offer by Apple and four publishers to ease pricing restrictions on Amazon and other retailers."
"Analysis: Apple's new iMac a turning point for hybrid drives " "When Apple Inc marketing head Phil Schiller launched the new iMac in October he enthused about its ""Fusion Drive""  a storage option combining the cost and capacity benefits of hard drives with the speed of flash memory."
"Google Maps makes its way back to the iPhone " "Google Inc's mapping tool has returned to the iPhone  months after Apple's replaced it with a home-grown mapping service that prompted user complaints  a public apology from Apple's CEO and the firing of a top executive. | Video "
"Google Maps makes its way back to the iPhone " "Google's navigation tool has returned to the iPhone  months after Apple's home-grown mapping service flopped  prompting user complaints  the firing of an executive and a public apology from Apple's CEO."
"Google Maps makes its way back to the iPhone " "Google's navigation tool has returned to the iPhone  months after Apple's home-grown mapping service flopped  prompting user complaints  the firing of an executive and a public apology from Apple's CEO. | Video "
"iPhone 5 hits China  as Apple market share slips " "* Despite big  fast-growing market  Apple has roadblocks in China"
"iPhone 5 hits China as Apple market share slips " "SHANGHAI The China release of its iPhone 5 on Friday should win Apple Inc some respite from a recent slide in its share of what is likely already the world's biggest smartphone market  but its longer-term hopes may depend on new technology being tested by China's top telecoms carrier."
"Jury says Apple iPhone violated three patents  damages unclear " "A U.S. jury on Thursday found that Apple's iPhone infringed three patents owned by holding company MobileMedia Ideas  though damages have not yet been determined."
"Jury says Apple iPhone violated three patents  damages unclear " "Dec 13 A U.S. jury on Thursday found that Apple's iPhone infringed three patents owned by holding company MobileMedia Ideas  though damages have not yet been determined."
"UPDATE 2-Google Maps makes its way back to the iPhone " "Dec 12 Google Inc's mapping tool has returned to the iPhone  months after Apple's replaced it with a home-grown mapping service that prompted user complaints  a public apology from Apple's CEO and the firing of a top executive."
"Apple falls on lower shipment forecasts  muted China debut " "Apple Inc shares fell 3.9 percent on Friday after the iPhone 5 debuted in China to a cool reception and two analysts cut shipment forecasts."
"IPhone 5 hits China as Apple shares slide further " "SHANGHAI The highly anticipated release of the iPhone 5 in China  Apple Inc's second-biggest market  failed to stop the recent share slide of the world's most valuable technology company on Friday  and analysts said Apple's longer-term China hopes may hinge on a partnership with the country's top telecoms carrier. | Video "
"UPDATE 2-IPhone 5 hits China as Apple shares slide further " "* China Mobile tie-up may take years  hinges on TD-LTE -analyst"
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall St falls with Apple as 'cliff' looms " "NEW YORK  Dec 14 U.S. stocks fell on Friday  hit by another slide in Apple shares and investors avoided stocks due to the uncertainty surrounding the ""fiscal cliff"" negotiations."
"US STOCKS-Wall St drops as Apple falls  'cliff' looms " "* Consumer prices drop in Nov; manufacturing picks up in Dec"
"US STOCKS-Wall St slips with Apple as 'cliff' looms " "* Consumer prices drop in Nov; manufacturing picks up in Dec"
"US STOCKS-Wall St succumbs to Apple's fall  'cliff' uncertainty " "* Consumer prices drop in Nov; manufacturing picks up in Dec"
"Wall Street succumbs to Apple's fall  ""cliff"" uncertainty " "NEW YORK Stocks fell on Friday as another slide in Apple took a toll and investors unloaded some shares because of the uncertainty surrounding the ""fiscal cliff"" negotiations. | Video "
"Wal-Mart selling Apple's iPhone 5 at big discount " "SAN FRANCISCO  Dec 14 Wal-Mart Stores Inc  said on Friday that it began selling Apple Inc's  flagship iPhone 5 smartphone at a big discount in thousands of its stores."
"Wal-Mart selling Apple's iPhone 5 at big discount " "SAN FRANCISCO Wal-Mart Stores Inc said on Friday that it began selling Apple Inc's flagship iPhone 5 smartphone at a big discount in thousands of its stores."
"UPDATE 1-Wal-Mart selling Apple's iPhone 5 at big discount " "SAN FRANCISCO  Dec 14 Wal-Mart Stores Inc  said on Friday that it began selling Apple Inc's  flagship iPhone 5 smartphone at a big discount in thousands of its stores."
"US STOCKS-Wall St ends lower on sour Apple  'cliff' uncertainty " "* Consumer prices drop in Nov; manufacturing picks up in Dec"
"Wall Street ends lower on sour Apple  ""cliff"" uncertainty " "NEW YORK Stocks fell on Friday as another slide in Apple took a toll and investors unloaded some shares because of the uncertainty surrounding the ""fiscal cliff"" negotiations. | Video "
"S.Korea-Market Factors to watch on Dec 17 " "SEOUL  Dec 14 Following is a list of events in South Korea as well as news stories and press reports that may influence financial markets.          TOP STORIES >IPhone 5 hits China as Apple shares slide further   >EU and Singapore agree free trade deal              >KB Fin directors seek to cut offer for ING's SKorea  >With successful launch  Kim and allies cement rule      MARKETS >SKorea won snaps six days of gains on fiscal cliff  >KOSPI falters  snapping a week-"
"Apple says China iPhone 5 sales in first weekend top 2 million " "Dec 16 Apple Inc sold more than 2 million of its new iPhone 5 in China during the three days after its launch there on Friday  marking China's best-selling iPhone rollout ever  the company said late on Sunday."
"Apple's iPhone 5 starts strong in China but shares pressured " "Apple Inc sold more than 2 million iPhone 5s in China in just three days after its launch there on Friday  its best ever smartphone launch in the country  but Apple shares fell on Monday after Citi downgraded the stock. | Video "
"STOCKS NEWS SINGAPORE-DMG downgrades Hi-P to 'sell' from 'neutral' " "DMG & Partners downgraded electronics contract manufacturer Hi-P International Ltd to 'sell' from 'neutral' and cut its target price to S$0.59 from S$0.74  citing a negative impact from weaker-than-expected demand for Apple's iPhone 5."
"UPDATE 2-Apple's iPhone 5 starts strong in China but shares pressured " "* Citi Research cuts Apple to 'neutral' from 'buy'   (Adds details from analysts' notes  background  shares)"
"US stock futures mixed; Apple under $500 in pre-market " "PARIS  Dec 17 U.S. stock index futures pointed to a mixed open on Wall Street on Monday  with futures for the S&P 500 up 0.11 percent  Dow Jones futures up 0.07 percent and Nasdaq 100 futures down 0.48 percent at 1123 GMT."
"US STOCKS-Futures mixed as 'cliff' and Apple eyed " "NEW YORK  Dec 17 U.S. stock index futures were mixed on Monday as ""fiscal cliff"" negotiations saw their first real movement over the weekend  but Apple was likely to weigh on the market."
"US STOCKS-Futures mixed on 'cliff' optimism  fall in Apple " "* Futures: S&P up 1.6 pts  Dow up 19 pts  Nasdaq down 4.5 pts"
"US STOCKS-Wall St rises on 'fiscal cliff' hopes  financials gain " "* Indexes up: S&P 0.55 pct  Dow 0.38 pct  Nasdaq 0.42 pct"
"Apple in talks with Foursquare Labs on data map sharing - WSJ " "Dec 18 Apple Inc is in early discussions with Foursquare Labs Inc to integrate local data into the company's mapping application  the Wall Street Journal reported  citing people familiar with the talks."
"Judge denies Apple injunction request against Samsung smartphones " "Dec 17 A U.S. judge on Monday denied Apple Inc's  request for a permanent injunction against Samsung Electronics' smartphones  a court filing showed."
"PRESS DIGEST - Financial Times - Dec 18 " "A deal to avert the U.S. fiscal cliff is at last emerging  with at least $1 trillion in new taxes  up to $1 trillion in fresh spending cuts and an increase in America's debt ceiling."
"Samsung drops attempt to ban Apple sales in Europe " "STOCKHOLM  Dec 18 Korea's Samsung Electronics  on Tuesday said it would drop law suits aimed at banning the sale of Apple Inc. products in Europe just a day after scoring a victory in a battle in the United States with the maker of iPhones."
"Samsung drops attempt to ban Apple sales in Europe " "STOCKHOLM Korea's Samsung Electronics on Tuesday said it would drop law suits aimed at banning the sale of Apple Inc. products in Europe just a day after scoring a victory in a battle in the United States with the maker of iPhones. | Video "
"UPDATE 1-US reaches e-books settlement with Penguin " "WASHINGTON  Dec 18 The U.S. Justice Department said on Tuesday it has reached a settlement with Pearson Plc's  Penguin Group in the government's investigation of alleged price-setting in the e-book market."
"UPDATE 2-Judge rejects Apple injunction bid vs. Samsung " "Dec 17 A U.S. judge on Monday denied Apple Inc's  request for a permanent injunction against Samsung Electronics' smartphones  depriving the iPhone maker of key leverage in the mobile patent wars."
"US reaches e-books settlement with Penguin " "WASHINGTON The U.S. Justice Department said on Tuesday it has reached a settlement with Pearson Plc's Penguin Group in the government's investigation of alleged price-setting in the e-book market."
"ITC judge sides with Apple against Google on phone patent " "Dec 18 Google's Motorola Mobility unit  cannot assert a patent against Apple Inc which covers a sensor that stops phone users from dialing wrong numbers on touchscreen devices  a U.S. trade judge ruled."
"ITC judge sides with Apple against Google on phone patent " "Google's Motorola Mobility unit cannot assert a patent against Apple Inc which covers a sensor that stops phone users from dialing wrong numbers on touchscreen devices  a U.S. trade judge ruled."
"PRESS DIGEST - Financial Times - Dec 19 " "One of the world's most prominent hedge funds is sitting on a $500 million profit after making a bet that Greece would not be forced to leave the euro zone."
"Samsung drops attempt to ban Apple sales in Europe " "STOCKHOLM Korea's Samsung Electronics on Tuesday said it would drop law suits aimed at banning the sale of Apple Inc. products in Europe just a day after scoring a victory in a battle in the United States with the maker of iPhones. | Video "
"Apple presses case for Samsung sales ban in appeals filing " "WASHINGTON  Dec 20 Tech giant Apple Inc   battling Samsung Electronics Co over patents in several countries  argued on Thursday that a U.S. appeals court should reconsider its decision to overturn a pretrial sales ban on Samsung for infringement."
"Apple presses case for Samsung sales ban in appeals filing " "WASHINGTON Tech giant Apple Inc  battling Samsung Electronics Co over patents in several countries  argued on Thursday that a U.S. appeals court should reconsider its decision to overturn a pretrial sales ban on Samsung for infringement."
"Patent agency rejects Apple ""pinch-to-zoom"" patent in initial ruling " "U.S. patent authorities rejected Apple Inc's key ""pinch-to-zoom"" patent in an initial ruling  the second setback in less than two months for the iPhone maker in its patent battle with Samsung Electronics Co Ltd."
"UPDATE 1-US agency rejects Apple 'pinch-to-zoom' patent in initial ruling " "Dec 20 U.S. patent authorities rejected Apple Inc's key ""pinch-to-zoom"" patent in an initial ruling  the second setback in less than two months for the iPhone maker in its patent battle with Samsung Electronics Co Ltd ."
"UPDATE 2-European Commission wades into global tech patents war " "BRUSSELS  Dec 20 EU regulators are poised to accuse Samsung of breaking competition rules in filing patent lawsuits against rival Apple  in the EU's first formal challenge to the consumer electronic industry's patent wars."
"US agency makes initial ruling against Apple 'pinch-to-zoom' patent " "Dec 19 The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office has rejected Apple Inc's 'pinch-to-zoom' patent in a preliminary ruling that Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  argues supports its request for a new trial in the patent war against its rival."
"Analysis: Apple's swoon exposes risk lurking in mutual funds " "NEW YORK The nearly 28 percent decline in shares of Apple Inc since mid-September isn't just painful to individual shareholders. It's also being felt by investors who chased hot mutual funds that loaded up on Apple as the stock raced to a record $705 per share. | Video "
"Mobile game companies race to make it to the holiday app charts " "SAN FRANCISCO  Dec 20 Mobile game developers are scrambling to get on Apple Inc's top mobile app charts this Christmas  as seasonal sales are expected to reach an all-time high in a fast-growing market dominated by the iPad and iPhone maker."
"Mobile game companies race to make it to the holiday app charts " "SAN FRANCISCO Mobile game developers are scrambling to get on Apple Inc's top mobile app charts this Christmas  as seasonal sales are expected to reach an all-time high in a fast-growing market dominated by the iPad and iPhone maker."
"RPT-Mobile game companies race to make it to holiday app charts " "SAN FRANCISCO  Dec 20 Mobile game developers are scrambling to get on Apple Inc's top mobile app charts this Christmas  as seasonal sales are expected to reach an all-time high in a fast-growing market dominated by the iPad and iPhone maker."
"Seoul shares post first weekly loss in 5 weeks; Samsung Elec falls " "SEOUL  Dec 21 Seoul shares ended down on Friday to post their first weekly loss in five weeks after U.S. House Speaker John Boehner abandoned his ""fiscal cliff"" plan  muddying the outlook for a deal to avert harsh spending cuts and tax hikes. [ID: nL1E8NL06U]"
"Steve Jobs superyacht impounded over unpaid Starck designer bill " "AMSTERDAM A superyacht built for Apple Inc's late co-founder Steve Jobs has been impounded in Amsterdam because of a dispute over an unpaid bill to designer Philippe Starck  a lawyer said on Friday."
"Steve Jobs superyacht impounded over unpaid Starck designer bill " "AMSTERDAM  Dec 21 A superyacht built for Apple Inc's late co-founder Steve Jobs has been impounded in Amsterdam because of a dispute over an unpaid bill to designer Philippe Starck  a lawyer said on Friday."
"UPDATE 2-EU charges Samsung with abusing vital telecoms patent " "* Apple  Samsung locked in disputes in at least 10 nations"
"Google working on 'X Phone'  ""X"" tablet to take on rivals -WSJ " "Dec 21 Google Inc is working with recently acquired Motorola on a handset codenamed ""X-phone""  aimed at grabbing market share from Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  the Wall Street Journal said  citing people familiar with the matter."
"Google working on ""X Phone""  ""X"" tablet to take on rivals: WSJ " "Google Inc is working with recently acquired Motorola on a handset codenamed ""X-phone""  aimed at grabbing market share from Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  the Wall Street Journal said  citing people familiar with the matter."
"Google working on ""X Phone""  ""X"" tablet to take on rivals - WSJ " "Google Inc is working with recently acquired Motorola on a handset codenamed ""X-phone""  aimed at grabbing market share from Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  the Wall Street Journal said  citing people familiar with the matter."
"S.Korea-Market Factors to watch on Dec 24 " "SEOUL  Dec 24 Following is a list of events in South Korea as well as news stories and press reports that may influence financial markets:          TOP STORIES >RIM shares slump as service revenue set to fall     >S.Korea household debt burden eases but worrisome   >Apple presses for Samsung sale ban in appeal filing  >Italy Fincantieri $1.2 bln bid to buy shipbuilder   >Asian buyers to deepen Iranian crude import cuts    >US agency rejects Apple 'pinch-to-zoom' pat"
"MARKET PULSE-Google  Apple  Vimpelcom  Yum Brands " "U.S. stock index futures pointed to a lower open for the shortened pre-holiday session on Wall Street on Monday  with futures for the S&P 500  down 0.6 percent  Dow Jones futures down 0.42 percent and Nasdaq 100 futures down 0.43 percent."
"Apple CEO 2012 pay to drop to $4.17 mln from $378 mln in 2011 " "NEW YORK  Dec 27 Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook will receive total compensation of $4.17 million in 2012  down from a $378 million pay package in 2011 that included stock awards."
"Apple CEO's pay takes big hit vs. record 2011 package " "NEW YORK Apple Inc CEO Tim Cook's 2012 compensation package of $4.17 million is a huge cut on paper for the top executive of the most valuable U.S. corporation  after a 2011 package fattened by more than $376 million in long-term stock awards. | Video "
"CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-Apple CEO's pay takes big hit vs. record '11 package " "(Corrects level and date of Apple's record-high stock close  to $702.10 on Sept. 19  not $700.10 in October  paragraph 14)"
"Sharp plan to sell Nanjing plant to Hon Hai on hold: source " "TOKYO/TAIPEI Struggling Japanese TV maker Sharp Corp's  plan to sell its Nanjing plant in China to Taiwan's Hon Hai Precision Industry Co Ltd  has been frozen and may not materialize  a source familiar with the matter said on Thursday."
"UPDATE 1-Sharp plan to sell Nanjing plant to Hon Hai on hold -source " "TOKYO/TAIPEI  Dec 27 Struggling Japanese TV maker Sharp Corp's plan to sell its Nanjing plant in China to Taiwan's Hon Hai Precision Industry Co Ltd  has been frozen and may not materialise  a source familiar with the matter said on Thursday."
"UPDATE 3-Apple CEO's pay takes big hit vs. record 2011 package " "* Cook to receive no stock awards for 2012   (Adds fund manager comment  financial details  company background  closing share price)"
"Apple agrees to drop patent claims against new Samsung phone " "SAN FRANCISCO  Dec 28 Apple Inc has agreed to withdraw patent claims against a new Samsung phone with a high-end display after Samsung said it was not offering to sell the product in the crucial U.S. market."
"Apple loses another copyright lawsuit in China: Xinhua " "SHANGHAI A Chinese court has fined Apple Inc 1 million yuan ($160 400) for hosting third-party applications on its App Store that were selling pirated electronic books  the official Xinhua news agency reported on Friday."
"Apple loses another copyright lawsuit in China-Xinhua " "SHANGHAI  Dec 28 A Chinese court has fined Apple Inc 1 million yuan ($160 400) for hosting third-party applications on its App Store that were selling pirated electronic books  the official Xinhua news agency reported on Friday."
"Apple to drop patent claims against new Samsung phone " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc has agreed to withdraw patent claims against a new Samsung phone with a high-end display after Samsung said it was not offering to sell the product in the crucial U.S. market."
"UPDATE 1-Apple to drop patent claims against new Samsung phone " "SAN FRANCISCO  Dec 28 Apple Inc has agreed to withdraw patent claims against a new Samsung phone with a high-end display after Samsung said it was not offering to sell the product in the crucial U.S. market."
"UPDATE1-Silicon Valley entrepreneur Krikorian quits Amazon board " "SAN FRANCISCO  Dec 28 Silicon Valley entrepreneur and investor Blake Krikorian has quit the board of Amazon.com Inc about a year and a half after joining to take up an unspecified role at the buyer of a company he owned."
"US STOCKS-S&P  Nasdaq rise on last day of 2012  Apple advances " "* Apple gains  lifting tech shares; Apple up 29 pct for year"
"Armed robbers hit Paris Apple store " "PARIS Armed robbers targeted an Apple Inc store in central Paris on New Year's Eve  taking thousands of euros (dollars) worth of goods  a police official said on Tuesday."
"Armed robbers hit Paris Apple store " "PARIS  Jan 1 Armed robbers targeted an Apple Inc  store in central Paris on New Year's Eve  taking thousands of euros (dollars) worth of goods  a police official said on Tuesday."
"Apple testing new iPhone  iOS 7: report " "Apple Inc has started testing a new iPhone and the next version of its iOS software  news website The Next Web reported."
"Armed robbers hit Paris Apple store " "PARIS Armed robbers targeted an Apple Inc store in central Paris on New Year's Eve  taking thousands of euros (dollars) worth of goods  a police official said on Tuesday."
"BRIEF-Apple shares rise 3.1 percent in premarket trading " "NEW YORK  Jan 2 Apple Inc :  * Shares rise 3.1 percent in premarket trading"
"Judge rejects Apple false advertising claims vs. Amazon " "SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 2 A U.S. judge on Wednesday granted Amazon.Com Inc's bid to end part of Apple Inc's  lawsuit over Amazon's use of the term ""APP STORE "" ruling that Apple cannot bring a false advertising claim against the online retailer."
"UPDATE 1-Judge rejects part of Apple App Store suit vs Amazon " "SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 2 A U.S. judge on Wednesday rejected part of Apple Inc's lawsuit against Amazon.com Inc's use of the term App Store  ruling Apple cannot bring a false advertising claim against the online retailer."
"Armstrong hedge fund eyes stocks rally  buys Apple " "LONDON Hedge fund manager Patrick Armstrong is backing his confidence in the technology and luxury goods sectors by buying shares in Apple and holding his positions in the likes of LVMH and BMW."
"Armstrong hedge fund eyes stocks rally  buys Apple " "LONDON  Jan 4 Hedge fund manager Patrick Armstrong is backing his confidence in the technology and luxury goods sectors by buying shares in Apple and holding his positions in the likes of LVMH and BMW."
"India tablet computer sales to double in 2013: research " "NEW DELHI Sales of tablet computers in India are expected to at least double this year to 6 million  the market's third year of growth  as new devices attract business users and low costs draw consumers  research firm CyberMedia forecast."
"REFILE-Samsung to widen smartphone gap with Apple this year -Strategy Analytics " "* Samsung 2013 smartphone share seen rising to 33 pct vs 31"
"US STOCKS-Data helps pace Wall St higher  but Apple drags " "* Indexes up"" Dow 0.21 pct  S&P 0.37 pct  Nasdaq up 0.08 pct"
"Riches in niches: U.S. cops  in-flight movies may be model for Panasonic survival " "TOKYO  Jan 7 Panasonic Corp's answer to the brutal onslaught on its TV sales may be in a product the Japanese firm launched 17 years ago and which is a must-have for U.S. police cars."
"Analysis: Apple bid for Samsung sales ban faces skeptical court " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc faces long odds in its attempt to overturn a U.S. appeals court ruling that threatens to undermine its smartphone patent war against Samsung Electronics Co Ltd."
"CORRECTED-YOUR MONEY-Identity thieves go shopping for Apple products " "(In the 9th paragraph  corrects first name of fraud investigator to Vicki from Vicky)"
"Hitting a high Note: 'phablets'  chips to drive Samsung Q4 profit " "SEOUL Samsung Electronics  the world leader in mobiles and memory chips  likely earned a quarterly profit of $8.1 billion  as it sold close to 500 handsets every minute and as demand picked up for the flat screens it makes for mobile devices  including those for rival Apple Inc products."
"Huawei challenges Samsung  Apple with big-screen phones " "NEW YORK Huawei Technologies Co Ltd boosted smartphone display size and resolution on Monday with two new devices aimed at challenging much bigger rivals  including Samsung Electronics Co Ltd and Apple Inc."
"Huawei challenges Samsung  Apple with big-screen phones " "NEW YORK  Jan 7 Huawei Technologies Co Ltd  boosted smartphone display size and resolution on Monday with two new devices aimed at challenging much bigger rivals  including Samsung Electronics Co Ltd and Apple Inc."
"Identity thieves go shopping for Apple products " "Carol Stuber was going through her mail and stumbled on a bill that made no sense - $3 300 for goods purchased from Apple using an instant-approved financing plan. ""I said  'What the heck is this?"" she recalls."
"REFILE-Hitting a high Note: 'phablets'  chips to drive Samsung Q4 profit " "* Strong recovery in chips  displays adding to smartphone momentum"
"Samsung sees fourth quarter profit at $8.3 billion on Note sales  components " "SEOUL Samsung Electronics  the world leader in mobiles and memory chips  said it likely earned a quarterly profit of $8.3 billion  as it sold close to 500 handsets every minute and as demand picked up for the flat screens it makes for mobile devices  including those for rival Apple Inc products."
"UPDATE 1-HTC Q4 net lags forecasts with 91 percent fall " "TAIPEI  Jan 7 Taiwanese smartphone company HTC Corp's net profit in the fourth quarter of 2012 missed forecasts and plunged 91 percent year-on-year as its models continued to be outsold by Apple Inc's iPhone and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd's Galaxy range."
"UPDATE 1-Samsung sees Q4 profit at $8.3 bln on Note sales  components " "* Analysts predict handset division profit at 5.8 trln won"
"Apple working on cheaper iPhone: report " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc is working on a cheaper version of its popular iPhone that could be released this year  according to a report in the Wall Street Journal on Tuesday."
"Apple working on cheaper iPhone -report " "SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 8 Apple Inc is working on a cheaper version of its popular iPhone that could be released this year  according to a report in the Wall Street Journal on Tuesday."
"UPDATE 4-Galaxy phones power Samsung to record $8.3 bln profit " "* Analysts predict handset division profit doubled from yr-ago"
"Apple CEO visits China for second time in less than a year " "SHANGHAI Apple Inc's Chief Executive Tim Cook is meeting with partners and government officials in China on his second visit to the firm's second-largest market in less than a year."
"Apple CEO visits China for second time in less than a year " "SHANGHAI  Jan 9 Apple Inc's Chief Executive Tim Cook is meeting with partners and government officials in China on his second visit to the firm's second-largest market in less than a year."
"Samsung seeks broader chip base as Apple cuts loose " "LAS VEGAS Samsung Electronics Co is looking to supply chips to more Chinese and other emerging smartphone makers  the head of its system chip business said  to counter any fall-off in demand from Apple Inc  which is weaning itself off Samsung chips used in its iPhones and iPads. | Video "
"TEXT-Fitch: Low-End iPhone May Trim Samsung's Market Lead and Margins " "SYDNEY/SINGAPORE/LONDON  January 09 (Fitch) Recent media reports of Apple potentially releasing a low-end iPhone towards the end of 2013 suggest a shift towards a strategy focused more on market share - which could have an impact on Samsung Electronic's (Samsung  'A+'/Stable) leading position in smartphones from 2014 and place downward pressure on industry operating margins."
"T-Mobile USA to soon sell iPhones  cut subsidies-CEO " "LAS VEGAS  Jan 8 Deutsche Telekom AG  unit T-Mobile USA will start selling the Apple Inc  iPhone in about three to four months and will enforce its plan to get rid of cellphone subsidies in a similar timeframe  according to Chief Executive John Legere."
"Amazon offers free digital versions of purchased CDs " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc  taking aim at Apple's dominant iTunes store  on Thursday unveiled a service that it hopes will boost digital music sales and encourage more people to use its Cloud music service. | Video "
"Amazon steps up digital music competition with Apple " "SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 10 Amazon.com Inc  unveiled a service that increases competition with Apple Inc's  dominant iTunes store."
"Apple exec dismisses cheaper phone as a market share grab-report " "SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 10 Apple Inc will not resort to a cheaper iPhone to expand its market share  marketing chief Phil Schiller told a Chinese newspaper in an interview when asked about speculation the company is developing a less expensive version of its popular smartphone."
"Apple's Tim Cook meets with China Mobile chairman in Beijing " "SHANGHAI Apple Inc's Chief Executive Tim Cook met with China Mobile's Chairman Xi Guohua on Thursday to discuss ""matters of cooperation "" a China Mobile spokesman said  raising hopes that a deal between the two tech giants may move forward."
"Apple's Tim Cook meets with China Mobile chairman in Beijing " "SHANGHAI  Jan 10 Apple Inc's Chief Executive Tim Cook met with China Mobile's Chairman Xi Guohua on Thursday to discuss ""matters of cooperation "" a China Mobile spokesman said  raising hopes that a deal between the two tech giants may move forward."
"Apple won't blindly pursue market share  Chinese paper reports " "SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 11 In a revised version of an interview published Thursday in a Chinese newspaper  Apple Inc  marketing chief Phil Schiller said the company would focus on making ""the best products"" for customers and ""never blindly pursue market share."""
"Apple won't blindly pursue market share: report " "SAN FRANCISCO In a revised version of an interview published Thursday in a Chinese newspaper  Apple Inc marketing chief Phil Schiller said the company would focus on making ""the best products"" for customers and ""never blindly pursue market share."""
"UPDATE 1-Xerox CFO leaving to join Apple " "Jan 11 Xerox Corp said Chief Financial Officer Luca Maestri will leave the company in February to join Apple Inc as corporate controller."
"Xerox CFO leaving to join Apple " "Jan 11 Xerox Corp said Chief Financial Officer Luca Maestri will leave the company in February to join Apple Inc as corporate controller."
"Xerox CFO leaving to join Apple " "Xerox Corp said Chief Financial Officer Luca Maestri will leave the company in February to join Apple Inc as corporate controller."
"Apple won't blindly pursue market share  Chinese paper reports " "SAN FRANCISCO/BEIJING In a revised version of an interview published Thursday in a Chinese newspaper  Apple Inc marketing chief Phil Schiller said the company would focus on making ""the best products"" for customers and ""never blindly pursue market share""."
"UPDATE 1-Apple won't blindly pursue market share  Chinese paper reports " "SAN FRANCISCO/BEIJING  Jan 11 In a revised version of an interview published Thursday in a Chinese newspaper  Apple Inc marketing chief Phil Schiller said the company would focus on making ""the best products"" for customers and ""never blindly pursue market share""."
"Apple cuts orders for iPhone 5 parts on weak demand: Nikkei " "Shares in Apple Inc dipped below $500 for the first time in almost one year after reports it is slashing orders for screens and other components as intensifying competition erodes demand for its latest iPhone. | Video "
"Apple drags on S&P  Nasdaq; Dell jumps after report " "NEW YORK The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended lower on Monday as worries over demand for Apple products drove down its shares and investors braced for earnings disappointments. | Video "
"Samsung urges US court to keep allowing Galaxy phone sales " "Jan 14 Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  has urged a U.S. appeals court to stand by its denial of Apple Inc's request to ban sales of the Galaxy Nexus smartphone while Apple challenges its patent  according to a document filed late last week."
"Samsung urges U.S. court to keep allowing Galaxy phone sales " "Samsung Electronics Co Ltd has urged a U.S. appeals court to stand by its denial of Apple Inc's request to ban sales of the Galaxy Nexus smartphone while Apple challenges its patent  according to a document filed late last week."
"Seoul shares seen higher on China hopes; Apple suppliers eyed " "SEOUL  Jan 15 Seoul shares are likely to gain for a second straight day on Tuesday on hopes that China will provide upbeat GDP data later in the week  although renewed worries about demand for Apple's iPhone 5 are expected to weigh on parts suppliers.     ""I think China's GDP data will be better than expected  signalling its economy is improving  although momentum for the stock market has been slowing because of U.S. debt ceiling issues "" said Kim Young-joon  an analyst at SK Securit"
"UPDATE 3-Apple cuts orders for iPhone 5 parts on weak demand-Nikkei " "(Adds share price  analysts' comments  details on smartphone demand)"
"US STOCKS-Apple drags on S&P  Nasdaq; Dell jumps after report " "* Obama urges congressional Republicans to raise debt ceiling"
"US STOCKS-Apple weighs on S&P  Nasdaq; Dell jumps after report " "* Obama urges congressional Republicans to raise debt ceiling"
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall St closes lower as Apple drags " "NEW YORK  Jan 14 The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended lower on Monday as concerns about demand for Apple Inc  products sent shares of the tech heavyweight lower and investors braced for earnings disappointments."
"ADR REPORT-Foreign shares edge lower  weighed by Apple suppliers " "NEW YORK  Jan 15 U.S.-listed shares of foreign companies fell on Tuesday as concerns about demand for Apple Inc's iPhone fanned fears about the smartphone industry as a whole  prompting investors to sell shares of iPhone parts suppliers and telecom service companies."
"Nikkei hits 32-month high on weak yen; Sharp down on Apple report " "* Nikkei rises 1.3 pct  Topix up 1.2 pct     * Sharp down 2.4 pct at midday due to report of Apple cuts     * Exporters  economy-sensitive stocks strong      By Tomo Uetake     TOKYO  Jan 15 Japan's Nikkei share average climbed 1.3 percent to a 32-month high on Tuesday  driving the benchmark further into ""overbought"" territory  as persistent weakness in the yen boosts demand for exporters' shares.     By the midday break  the Nikkei rose 136.05 points to 10 937.62  setting its sights"
"Seoul shares end down as foreign selling  Apple suppliers weigh " "* Suppliers lose ground on report Apple slashing parts orders"
"Seoul shares fall; Apple suppliers lose ground on demand worries " "* Suppliers extend losses on report Apple slashing parts orders"
"Seoul shares hit nearly 3-week low as Apple suppliers weigh " "SEOUL  Jan 15 Seoul shares hit their lowest in nearly three weeks on Tuesday  hurt by heavy foreign selling as jitters about demand for Apple Inc's iPhone sent parts suppliers lower."
"UPDATE 4-Apple shares fall on reports of cuts to iPhone parts orders " "Jan 14 Shares in Apple Inc dipped below $500 for the first time in almost one year after reports it is slashing orders for screens and other components from its Asian supplier as intensifying competition erodes demand for its latest iPhone."
"US STOCKS-Apple stock's continuing decline drags Wall St lower " "* Apple weighs on indexes in third straight session of losses"
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Dow  S&P 500 tick up on data; Apple weighs " "NEW YORK  Jan 15 The Dow Jones and S&P 500 indexes edged higher on Tuesday after stronger-than-expected retail data  though tech heavyweight Apple dragged on the market for a third day."
"US STOCKS-Wall St knocked lower by debt limit worries  Apple " "* December retail sales suggest stronger consumer spending"
"US STOCKS-Wall Street flat as Apple down again but retailers rise " "* Indexes: Dow up 0.2 pct  S&P up 0.1 pct  Nasdaq down 0.3 pct"
"Samsung Galaxy tablets do not infringe Apple design: Dutch court " "AMSTERDAM A Dutch court  citing previous decisions in British courts  has ruled that some Samsung Electronics Galaxy tablets do not infringe an Apple design."
"Samsung Galaxy tablets do not infringe Apple design -Dutch court " "AMSTERDAM  Jan 16 A Dutch court  citing previous decisions in British courts  has ruled that some Samsung Electronics Galaxy tablets do not infringe an Apple  design."
"US STOCKS-S&P 500 ends flat as bank profits temper growth concerns " "* Japanese airlines ground Dreamliners after emergency landing"
"US STOCKS-S&P 500 ends flat as bank profits temper growth concerns " "* Japanese airlines ground Dreamliners after emergency landing"
"US STOCKS-S&P 500 flat as growth concerns temper bank earnings " "* Japanese airlines ground Dreamliners after emergency landing"
"US STOCKS-Wall Street flat as Apple gains; Boeing drags Dow " "* Japanese airlines ground Dreamliners after emergency landing"
"Company emails are key in Apple  Google hiring case  judge says " "SAN JOSE  Calif Internal emails show that executives at tech companies such as Apple and Google believed that an agreement to refrain from poaching each other's workers would bring real financial benefits  a U.S. judge said on Thursday."
"Company emails are key in Apple  Google hiring case  judge says " "SAN JOSE  Calif  Jan 17 Internal emails show that executives at tech companies such as Apple and Google believed that an agreement to refrain from poaching each other's workers would bring real financial benefits  a U.S. judge said on Thursday."
"Exclusive: Japan's Sharp cuts iPad screen output " "TOKYO/SEOUL Sharp Corp has nearly halted production of 9.7-inch screens for Apple Inc's iPad  two sources said  possibly as demand shifts to its smaller iPad mini. | Video "
"Analysis: Apple earnings need to overcome technical malaise " "NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO To those who study technical stock charts  Apple Inc looks broken. | Video "
"Analysis: Apple earnings need to overcome technical malaise " "NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO To those who study technical stock charts  Apple Inc looks broken. | Video "
"Apple revenue  iPhone sales disappoint; shares dive " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc missed Wall Street's revenue forecast for the third straight quarter as iPhone sales came in below expectations  fueling investors' worries that its dominance of the mobile industry was slipping. | Video "
"BRIEF-Apple has $94 billion of its total cash offshore " "SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 23 Apple Inc :  * CFO says company to breakout greater China results going forward  * CFO says over $94 billion of company's $137.1 billion total cash was offshore   * CEO addresses rumors of production cuts  says 'suggest it's good to question"
"BRIEF-Apple shares fall more than 10 pct after hours " "NEW YORK  Jan 23 Apple Inc :  * Shares fall more than 10 percent in after-hours trading"
"Instant View: Apple shares slide  Netflix jump after profit reports " "Apple Inc narrowly missed Wall Street's targets for sales of its iPhone  denting investors' faith in the tech leader's capacity for boundless growth and sending its stock down 5 percent after hours."
"ITC to review Apple patent complaint against Samsung " "WASHINGTON A U.S. trade panel that specializes in patent disputes will review a potentially key decision in the patent fight between Samsung Electronics and Apple Inc over smartphones and tablets."
"Nikkei seen recovering after fall  Apple suppliers in spotlight " "TOKYO  Jan 24 Japan's Nikkei share average is expected to bounce slightly after three straight days of declines  with Japanese suppliers to the iPhone in focus after Apple announced disappointing sales figures for the smartphone overnight.       Market players said the Nikkei was likely to trade between 10 400 and 10 600 on Thursday after the benchmark fell 2.1 percent to a three-week closing low of 10 486.99 on Wednesday  as investors took profits on a firmer yen.     ""We should see"
"Seoul shares seen up; tech shares to set tone after Apple result " "SEOUL  Jan 24 Seoul shares are likely to edge up on Thursday  with tech shares expected to set the tone for the session after Apple Inc announced disappointing earnings on Wednesday.      ""Apple's flagging iPhone sales could be interpreted as a positive factor for Samsung Electronics  but in the past drops in Apple shares did not always equal a gain in Samsung Electronics "" said Lee Da-seul  an analyst at Korea Investment & Securities.      Strong results from IBM and Google on Tuesd"
"UPDATE 1-US ITC to review Apple patent complaint against Samsung " "WASHINGTON  Jan 23 A U.S. trade panel that specializes in patent disputes will review a potentially key decision in the patent fight between  Samsung Electronics  and Apple Inc over  smartphones and tablets."
"UPDATE 3-Apple revenue  iPhone sales disappoint; shares dive " "* iPhone disappointment spurs fears of slowing growth     * Investors worry about 2013 pipeline     * Loses $50 bln of market value after hours as shares tank       By Poornima Gupta     SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 23 Apple Inc missed Wall Street's revenue forecast for the third straight quarter as iPhone sales came in below expectations  fueling investors' worries that its dominance of the mobile industry was slipping.      Shares of the world's largest tech company fell 10 percent to $463 a"
"US ITC remands part of Apple's patent complaint against Samsung " "WASHINGTON  Jan 23 A U.S. trade panel that specializes in patent disputes will review an agency judge's decision that Samsung Electronics violated Apple patents to make smartphones and tablets  and sent part of the dispute back to the judge  the International Trade Commission said on Wednesday."
"Apple's China dilemma: market share or cachet? " "HONG KONG Apple Inc's third straight disappointing quarter signals an urgent need for the global technology leader to drum up new revenue - and China may provide the answer."
"Apple's China dilemma: market share or cachet? " "* Should resist temptation to make cheaper iPhone - analyst"
"Apple supplier Cirrus's profit beats  looks to diversify customers " "Cirrus Logic Inc  reported quarterly results above estimates as demand for its audio chips exceeded expectations towards the end of the quarter  and the Apple Inc  supplier said it had scored a design win at a tier-one mobile handset maker."
"CANADA STOCKS-TSX near 18-month high  buoyed by Agrium  Potash " "* TSX rises 29.57 points  or 0.23 pct  at 12 823.62     * Agrium up 2.9 percent on outlook boost  Potash up 1.7 pct     * Methanex jumps on 10-year gas supply deal with Chesapeake     * RIM rises on report of Lenovo interest  Apple woes      By Solarina Ho     TORONTO  Jan 24 Canada's main stock index held near 18-month highs on Thursday  led in part by U.S. economic data as well as by fertilizer makers Potash Corp and Agrium Inc  which rose after Agrium raised its profit forecast.  "
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks edge higher  data offsets Apple's plunge " "* Economic data bolsters stocks  weighs on safe-haven U.S. debt"
"Samsung posts record profit; keeps 2013 capex at 2012 level " "SEOUL  Jan 25 Samsung Electronics Co  reported a record quarterly profit of $8.3 billion and kept its 2013 investment plans at the previous year's level  defying expectations that it may reduce spending amid weaker demand for computer chips."
"S.Korea-Market Factors to watch on Jan 25 " "SEOUL  Jan 25 Following is a list of events in South Korea as well as news stories and press reports that may influence financial markets:         TOP STORIES >Apple's China dilemma: market share or cachet?      >US say N.Korean threat is ""needlessly provocative""  >US investors sour on Apple buying Samsung is tricky  >Apple shares slide on disappointing iPhone sales    >N.Korea to target U.S. with nuclear  rocket tests   >Hyundai posts surprise profit drop          "
"UPDATE 2-Amazon buys text-to-speech software company Ivona " "* Ivona deal may help Amazon expand Kindle reader base -analyst   (Adds bullets  updates Amazon shares)"
"UPDATE 3-Apple supplier Cirrus's profit beats  looks to diversify customers " "* Expects fourth-quarter revenue $200-$220 mln vs estimate $234.9 mln"
"US STOCKS-S&P rises for seventh day but 1 500 too steep a climb " "* Dow up 0.3 pct  S&P inches up 0.01 of a point  Nasdaq off 0.7 pct"
"Apple co-founder Wozniak says parts of Jobs film ""totally wrong"" " "Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak says a new movie about late chairman Steve Jobs appears to misrepresent aspects of their personalities and their early vision for the company."
"Apple co-founder Wozniak says parts of Jobs film 'totally wrong' " "Jan 25 Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak says a new movie about late chairman Steve Jobs appears to misrepresent aspects of their personalities and their early vision for the company."
"Apple's China dilemma: market share or cachet? " "HONG KONG Apple Inc's third straight disappointing quarter signals an urgent need for the global technology leader to drum up new revenue - and China may provide the answer. | Video "
"CORRECTED-UPDATE 3-Samsung puts lid on capex for 1st time since financial crisis " "(Corrects 19th paragraph to show Apple's 2012 smartphone market share rose slightly according to Strategy Analytics.)"
"Exxon Mobil regains market-value crown from slumping Apple " "NEW YORK Exxon Mobil Corp has reclaimed its place as the largest U.S. publicly traded company by market value one year after losing it to Apple Inc  as shares of the technology giant extended their recent fall on Friday."
"UPDATE 1-Apple steps up labor audits  finds underage workers " "* Apple operations chief vows to eradicate child labor from industry"
"UPDATE 3-Exxon Mobil regains market-value crown from slumping Apple " "* Apple's losses since peak equal market value of Google     * Heavy Apple volume at the end of Friday's session     * Apple shares trade as low as $435   (Updates prices  adds financial details)     By Rodrigo Campos     NEW YORK  Jan 25 Exxon Mobil Corp has reclaimed its place as the largest U.S. publicly traded company by market value one year after losing it to Apple Inc  as shares of the technology giant extended their recent fall on Friday.     Apple's market capitalization has"
"U.S. stock index futures signal mixed Wall St open " "LONDON  Jan 25 U.S. stock futures pointed to a mixed open on Wall Street on Friday  with futures for the S&P 500 rising 0.2 percent  the Dow Jones futures down 0.2 percent and the Nasdaq 100 futures up 0.3 percent."
"US STOCKS-S&P 500 vaults 1 500 as earnings cheer Wall Street " "NEW YORK  Jan 25 The S&P 500 index on Friday closed above 1 500 for the first time in more than five years as strong U.S. earnings reports  including Procter & Gamble's  helped the benchmark extend its rally to eight days."
"US STOCKS-S&P 500 vaults 1 500 as Wall St extends rally " "NEW YORK  Jan 25 The Standard & Poor's 500 index closed above 1 500 for the first time in more than five years on Friday as strong U.S. earnings reports  including Procter & Gamble's  helped the benchmark extend its rally to eight days."
"First Steve Jobs movie gets red carpet premiere " "PARK CITY  Utah The first movie about Apple's legendary co-founder got a warm reception at its world premiere on Friday  just 15 months after Steve Jobs' death."
"UPDATE 2-First Steve Jobs movie gets red carpet premiere " "PARK CITY  Utah  Jan 25 The first movie about Apple's legendary co-founder got a warm reception at its world premiere on Friday  just 15 months after Steve Jobs' death."
"In Asia's trend-setting cities  iPhone fatigue sets in " "SINGAPORE Apple Inc's iconic iPhone is losing some of its luster among Asia's well-heeled consumers in Singapore and Hong Kong  a victim of changing mobile habits and its own runaway success."
"In Asia's trend-setting cities  iPhone fatigue sets in " "SINGAPORE  Jan 28 Apple Inc's iconic iPhone is losing some of its lustre among Asia's well-heeled consumers in Singapore and Hong Kong  a victim of changing mobile habits and its own runaway success."
"Insight: Apple's grip on carriers  suppliers loosens " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc's shareholders have been hit by one of the bloodiest weeks in the history of the stock  but wider fallout from such weakness might be more important to the long-term value of their investments."
"REFILE-INSIGHT-Apple's grip on carriers  suppliers loosens " "By Poornima Gupta and Noel Randewich     SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 28 Apple Inc's  shareholders have been hit by one of the bloodiest weeks in the history of the stock  but wider fallout from such weakness might be more important to the long-term value of their investments.     While Apple's iPhones  iPads and Macs remain gold standards   signs the company is losing some of its edge in the smartphone market suggest its clout with business partners could wane.      Recent comments from execu"
"REFILE-US STOCKS-Futures flat  Caterpillar on tap to report " "* Caterpillar to report  could give clue into industrials"
"RPT-US STOCKS-S&P 500 slips after rally  but Apple lifts Nasdaq " "* Dow off 0.1 pct  S&P 500 down 0.01 pct  Nasdaq up 0.3 pct"
"S&P 500 eases  ends longest winning run in eight years " "NEW YORK The S&P 500 eased slightly on Monday after an eight-day run of gains  while the Nasdaq edged higher as Apple shares rebounded. | Video "
"US STOCKS-Dow  S&P 500 near flat after rally; Apple boosts Nasdaq " "* Dow up 0.1 pct  S&P 500 down 0.03 pct  Nasdaq up 0.3 pct"
"US STOCKS-S&P 500 dips after rally  but Apple lifts Nasdaq " "* Dow up 0.03 pct  S&P 500 down 0.01 pct  Nasdaq up 0.4 pct"
"US STOCKS-S&P 500 slips after rally  but Apple lifts Nasdaq " "* Dow off 0.1 pct  S&P 500 down 0.01 pct  Nasdaq up 0.3 pct"
"US STOCKS-Wall St flat after rally  Caterpillar advances " "* Bargain hunters may look at Apple following recent drop"
"US STOCKS-Wall St ticks lower after rally  Caterpillar advances " "* Bargain hunters may look at Apple following recent drop"
"Apple announces iPad with double storage capacity " "Apple Inc said on Tuesday that it will sell a version of its iPad tablet computer with 128 gigabytes of storage  which is twice the capacity of its existing models. | Video "
"Apple announces iPad with double storage capacity " "Jan 29 Apple Inc said on Tuesday that it will sell a version of its iPad tablet computer with 128 gigabytes of storage  which is twice the capacity of its existing models."
"Apple trademarks design of its retail stores " "Apple Inc  known for aggressively protecting its iPads and iPhones from copycats  is doing the same for the interior design of its stores."
"Apple trademarks design of its retail stores " "Jan 29 Apple Inc  known for aggressively protecting its iPads and iPhones from copycats  is doing the same for the interior design of its stores."
"Broadcom warns of lower first-quarter revenue " "NEW YORK Chip maker Broadcom Corp  warned on Tuesday that first-quarter revenue would decline from the fourth quarter  sending the company's shares down almost 1 percent in late trade as investors worried about a slowdown in the smartphone market."
"SK Hynix Q4 swings to profit but misses forecasts " "SEOUL  Jan 30 South Korean memory chipmaker SK Hynix Inc returned  to a quarterly operating profit on Wednesday  helped by solid mobile component sales to Apple Inc and Chinese customers."
"UPDATE 1-SK Hynix Q4 misses forecast  weak PC chip prices weigh " "SEOUL  Jan 30 South Korean chipmaker SK Hynix Inc returned to a quarterly profit on Wednesday on demand from mobile device makers such as Apple Inc  but it fell far short of forecasts on weak sales of computer chips and a strong won."
"Analysis: The funds that saw Apple's decline coming " "NEW YORK The slump in Apple Inc's share price from its September high has badly dented the returns of hundreds of mutual funds that had maintained outsized holdings of the stock. But some went sour on the iPhone-maker just in time."
"Fidelity Contrafund cut Apple stake 3 percent in December " "BOSTON Portfolio manager Will Danoff  whose $85 billion Fidelity Contrafund is the largest active shareholder in Apple Inc  trimmed his holdings in the maker of the iPhone by 3.1 percent in December."
"Fidelity Contrafund's Danoff cut Apple stake by 3 pct in Dec " "BOSTON  Jan 30Portfolio manager Will Danoff  whose $85 billion Fidelity Contrafund is the largest active shareholder in Apple Inc  trimmed his holdings in the maker of the iPhone by 3.1 percent in December."
"Fusion-io sees weak third quarter as Apple  Facebook delay orders " "Storage drive maker Fusion-io Inc forecast current-quarter revenue below analysts' estimates as Facebook Inc and Apple Inc delayed bulk orders  sending its shares down 21 percent after the bell."
"REFILE-U.S. court rejects Apple's bid to raise damages in Samsung case " "SEOUL  Jan 30 A U.S. court has ruled that Samsung Electronics Co did not willfully infringe on some of Apple Inc's patents and denied a request by the U.S. firm to raise patent damages awarded to it in its legal dispute against the South Korean firm  a court ruling showed on Wednesday."
"UPDATE 1-Fidelity Contrafund cut Apple stake 3 pct in December " "BOSTON  Jan 30Portfolio manager Will Danoff  whose $85 billion Fidelity Contrafund is the largest active shareholder in Apple Inc  trimmed his holdings in the maker of the iPhone by 3.1 percent in December."
"UPDATE 2-Apple supplier Skyworks forecasts strong 2nd-qtr  shares jump " "Jan 30 Skyworks Solutions Inc  a supplier to Apple Inc  forecast better-than-expected revenue for the traditionally slow second quarter  pushing its shares up almost 15 percent in extended trade."
"UPDATE 2-Fusion-io sees weak 3rd-qtr as Apple  Facebook delay orders " "Jan 30 Storage drive maker Fusion-io Inc  forecast current-quarter revenue below analysts' estimates as Facebook Inc and Apple Inc delayed bulk orders  sending its shares down 21 percent after the bell."
"UPDATE 2-U.S. court rejects Apple's bid to raise damages in Samsung case " "Jan 30 South Korea's Samsung Electronics Co  did not willfully infringe on some of Apple Inc's  patents  a U.S. federal court has ruled  foiling Apple's attempt to ratchet up the $1.05 billion in damages it was awarded last August by a U.S. jury."
"Appeals court rejects Apple bid to overturn sales-ban denial " "SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 31 A U.S. appeals court has denied Apple Inc's request to reconsider an earlier ruling refusing to impose a sales ban on Samsung's  Galaxy Nexus smartphone."
"Apple loses a U.S. appeals bid in Samsung patent fight " "SAN FRANCISCO A U.S. appeals court on Thursday rejected Apple Inc's request to revive its bid for a sales ban on Samsung's Galaxy Nexus smartphone  dashing the iPhone maker's attempt to recover crucial leverage in the global patent wars."
"Audience Inc shares surge on strong first-quarter forecast " "Jan 31 Audience Inc forecast first-quarter results well above analysts' estimates as the audio chip maker diversified its customer base away from Apple Inc's iPhone  sending its shares up more than 25 percent in extended trade."
"Fusion-io cuts 2013 forecast as Apple  Facebook delay orders " "Fusion-io Inc slashed its fiscal 2013 revenue forecast as key customers Facebook Inc and Apple Inc delayed orders  sending the storage drive maker's shares down 21 percent after the bell."
"REFILE-UPDATE 2-Apple supplier Skyworks forecasts strong 2nd-qtr  shares jump " "(Refiles to change Apple's stock ticker symbol in paragraph 1)"
"UPDATE 2-Apple loses a U.S. appeals bid in Samsung patent fight " "SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 31 A U.S. appeals court on Thursday rejected Apple Inc's request to revive its bid for a sales ban on Samsung's Galaxy Nexus smartphone  dashing the iPhone maker's attempt to recover crucial leverage in the global patent wars."
"UPDATE 3-Fusion-io cuts 2013 forecast as Apple  Facebook delay orders " "* Shares down 21 pct after the bell   (Rewrites; adds FY 2013 details  updates analyst comment)"
"U.S. tablet shipments soar during holidays  threaten to surpass PCs " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook's prediction that tablets would one day outsell personal computers appears to be coming true. | Video "
"US tablet shipments soar during holidays  threaten to surpass PCs " "SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 31 Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook's prediction that tablets would one day outsell personal computers appears to be  coming true."
"Apple edges out Samsung for mobile phone sales lead in fourth quarter " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc became the top mobile phone seller for the first time in the lucrative U.S. market during the fourth quarter of 2012  outshining arch rival Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  a report by Strategy Analytics showed."
"Apple pips Samsung for mobile phone sales lead in fourth quarter " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 1 Apple Inc became the top mobile phone seller for the first time in the lucrative U.S. market during the fourth quarter of 2012  outshining arch rival Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  a report by Strategy Analytics showed."
"Audio company Audience sees fast growth  even with less Apple " "SAN FRANCISCO Audience Inc seems to be doing pretty well  even with less of Apple: the audio technology company forecast quarterly revenue well above Wall Street's expectations  helped by more business from Samsung and other smartphone makers."
"CORRECTED-UPDATE 1-Audio company Audience sees fast growth  even with less Apple " "(Corrects figure to $38.7 million  not $38.7 billion  in paragraph 17)"
"Calif. court finds for Apple in credit card privacy suit " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 4 Apple Inc and other online retailers did not break California law by requiring consumers to provide their address and phone numbers as a condition of accepting credit card payments  the state's high court ruled on Monday."
"California court finds for Apple in credit card suit " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc and other online retailers did not break California law by requiring consumers to provide their address and phone numbers as a condition of accepting credit card payments  the state's high court ruled on Monday."
"Foxconn says to boost China worker participation in union " "TAIPEI/BEIJING  Feb 4 Foxconn Technology Group  the assembler of most of the world's top-selling electronic gadgets including Apple Inc's iPhone  is trying to raise participation in its union as part of efforts to dispel a rash of bad publicity over poor working conditions and labour disputes."
"HTC plans cheaper phones for China as revenue sags " "TAIPEI Taiwanese smartphone maker HTC Corp will shift its focus more towards emerging markets and offer lower priced phones in China this year as it grapples with slumping revenue in the shadow of Apple's iPhone and Samsung's Galaxy series."
"PRESS DIGEST - Financial Times - Feb 4 " "Sir Stuart to become Fat Face chairman    Centrica set for 'new nuclear' exit"
"REFILE-U.S. court says will not expedite Apple's appeal vs. Samsung " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 4 A U.S. appeals court on Monday rejected Apple Inc's request that the full court immediately hear the company's request for a permanent injunction against the sale of several Samsung Electronics Co Ltd phones."
"UPDATE 1-California court finds for Apple in credit card suit " "* Privacy protection does not apply to online deals -Court"
"UPDATE 1-HTC sees Q1 revenue flat to 17 pct lower vs Q4 " "TAIPEI  Feb 4 Taiwanese smartphone maker HTC Corp expects revenue to be flat to 17 percent lower in the first quarter compared with the previous three months  worse than forecast  while margins are also seen holding steady or shrinking."
"UPDATE 2-HTC plans cheaper phones for China as revenue sags " "* HTC to launch cheaper phone in China below 1 999 yuan -CFO"
"UPDATE 2-U.S. court says won't expedite Apple appeal vs Samsung " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 4 A U.S. appeals court on Monday rejected Apple Inc's request to fast-track its bid for a sales ban on several Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  phones  ruling the iPhone maker could not argue its case to the full appeals court right away."
"Apple to lose iPhone trademark in Brazil-source " "RIO DE JANEIRO  Feb 5 Brazil's copyright regulator will strip Apple Inc of the right to use its iPhone trademark in Latin America's biggest market and granted the trademark to a local company that registered it first  a source familiar with the decision said on Tuesday."
"iTunes sells 25 billion songs; prize won for ''Monkey Drums'' download " "Apple's iTunes music store hit its 25 billionth download - equal to selling more than three songs for every person on Earth - and on Wednesday gave the German student who bought the track a gift card worth 10 000 euro ($13 500)."
"iTunes sells 25 billion songs; prize won for 'Monkey Drums' download " "Feb 6 Apple's iTunes music store hit its 25 billionth download - equal to selling more than three songs for every person on Earth - and on Wednesday gave the German student who bought the track a gift card worth 10 000 euro ($13 500)."
"Samsung  EA spice up revenue deals in developer-friendly program " "SAN FRANCISCO Electronic Arts Inc and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd have teamed up to draw developers to the Korean giant's fledgling apps store  offering unusually strong financial incentives in hopes of expanding its library of games."
"Samsung  EA spice up revenue deals in developer-friendly program " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 6 Electronic Arts Inc  and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd have teamed up to draw developers to the Korean giant's fledgling apps store  offering unusually strong financial incentives in hopes of expanding its library of games."
"Apple supplier Hon Hai January sales down 8 pct on year " "TAIPEI  Feb 7 Hon Hai Precision Industry Co Ltd   the main manufacturer of Apple Inc products  said on Thursday consolidated January sales dropped 8.19 percent from a year earlier."
"BRIEF-Apple up 0.9 percent in premarket " "NEW YORK  Feb 7 Apple Inc :  * Shares up 0.9 percent in premarket after comments from david einhorn's"
"Einhorn says Apple has ""Depression mentality"": CNBC " "Apple Inc is hoarding cash because of a ""Depression-era mentality"" and needs to unlock more value for shareholders  Greenlight Capital's David Einhorn told CNBC on Thursday."
"Einhorn says Apple has 'Depression mentality' -CNBC " "Feb 7 Apple Inc is hoarding cash because of a ""Depression-era mentality"" and needs to unlock more value for shareholders  Greenlight Capital's David Einhorn told CNBC on Thursday."
"Einhorn sues Apple  marks biggest investor challenge in years " "NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc on Thursday confronted its first major challenge from an activist shareholder in years as hedge fund manager David Einhorn's Greenlight Capital filed suit against the company and demanded that it dole out a bigger piece of its $137 billion cash pile to investors. | Video "
"Greenlight's Einhorn ""chatted yesterday"" with Apple's Tim Cook " "Feb 7 Hedge fund manager David Einhorn of Greenlight Capital told Reuters on Thursday that he ""chatted yesterday"" with Apple CEO Tim Cook who is receptive to his proposals on Apple's capital allocation strategy."
"Greenlight's Einhorn says ""chatted"" with Apple's Cook " "Hedge fund manager David Einhorn of Greenlight Capital told Reuters on Thursday that he ""chatted yesterday"" with Apple CEO Tim Cook who is receptive to his proposals on Apple's capital allocation strategy."
"Greenlight's Einhorn sues Apple  'dissatisfied' with capital plans " "Feb 7 Fund manager David Einhorn's Greenlight Capital on Thursday said it has filed suit against Apple Inc  in federal court in New York over a proposal in Apple's proxy that Greenlight believes does not conform to regulatory rules."
"INTERVIEW-UPDATE 1-Greenlight's Einhorn says ""chatted"" with Apple's Cook " "Feb 7 Hedge fund manager David Einhorn of Greenlight Capital told Reuters on Thursday that he ""chatted yesterday"" with Apple CEO Tim Cook who is receptive to his proposals on Apple's capital allocation strategy."
"UPDATE 6-Einhorn sues Apple  marks biggest investor challenge in years " "* Einhorn targets move to cut preferred stock from charter"
"Einhorn case against Apple rests on rarely used legal tactic " "* Einhorn's Greenlight represented by long-time counsel Akin Gump"
"Einhorn case against Apple rests on rarely used legal tactic " "NEW YORK Hedge fund star David Einhorn wants to force Apple Inc to share some of its huge cash pile with investors  but his lawsuit rests on a U.S. securities rule that has little court precedent surrounding it."
"Factbox: Perpetual preferred shares at center of Einhorn's Apple lawsuit " "Hedge fund manager David Einhorn's Greenlight Capital filed suit against Apple Inc on Thursday and demanded that it dole out a bigger piece of its $137 billion cash pile to investors."
"How Einhorn turned from Apple advocate to agitator " "Hedge fund star manager David Einhorn was arguably Apple Inc's biggest cheerleader on Wall Street with a stake worth about $600 million and an oft-cited prediction that the company's market value would hit $1 trillion some day."
"INTERVIEW-How Einhorn turned from Apple advocate to agitator " "* Says Apple has ""Depression-era"" mentality on holding cash"
"PRESS DIGEST - British Business - Feb 8 " "Feb 8 The Telegraph  MARK CARNEY SIGNALS PUSH FOR UK GROWTH - The future governor of the Bank of England has signalled he will go for growth when he takes over in July with a series of radical policy proposals to rescue the country from its ""exceptional"" economic problems."
"RPT-INTERVIEW-How Einhorn turned from Apple advocate to agitator " "* Says Apple has ""Depression-era"" mentality on holding cash"
"UPDATE 1-U.S. settles with publisher Macmillan in e-books case " "WASHINGTON  Feb 8 Publishing house Macmillan on Friday became the fifth and final U.S. book publisher to sign a settlement with the government in a sweeping antitrust case that accused them of conspiring to raise e-book prices."
"UPDATE 8-Einhorn sues Apple  marks biggest investor challenge in years " "* Einhorn targets move to cut preferred stock from charter"
"Calpers  proxy firm support Apple on preferred stock proposal " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc's move to eliminate from its charter the ability to issue preferred shares without first getting shareholder approval has received the support of the largest public pension fund in the United States  and an influential proxy firm."
"Calpers  proxy firm support Apple on preferred stock proposal " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 8 Apple Inc's move to eliminate from its charter the ability to issue preferred shares without first getting shareholder approval has received the support of the largest public pension fund in the United States  and an influential proxy firm."
"Einhorn case against Apple rests on unusual legal tactic " "NEW YORK Hedge fund star David Einhorn wants to force Apple Inc to share some of its huge cash reserves with investors  but his lawsuit rests on a U.S. securities rule that has little legal precedent."
"UPDATE 2-Einhorn case against Apple rests on unusual legal tactic " "NEW YORK  Feb 8 Hedge fund star David Einhorn wants to force Apple Inc to share some of its huge cash reserves with investors  but his lawsuit rests on a U.S. securities rule that has little legal precedent."
"Apple experiments with devices similar to watches: NYT " "NEW YORK Apple Inc. is experimenting with the design of a device similar to a wristwatch that would operate on the same platform as the iPhone and would be made with curved glass  the New York Times reported on Sunday."
"Apple experiments with devices similar to watches -NYT " "NEW YORK  Feb 10 Apple Inc. is experimenting with the design of a device similar to a wristwatch that would operate on the same platform as the iPhone and would be made with curved glass  the New York Times reported on Sunday."
"INSIGHT-Apple and Samsung  frenemies for life " "SAN FRANCISCO/SEOUL  Feb 10 It was the late Steve Jobs' worst nightmare."
"Insight: Apple and Samsung  frenemies for life " "SAN FRANCISCO/SEOUL It was the late Steve Jobs' worst nightmare.  A powerful Asian manufacturer  Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  uses Google Inc's Android software to create smartphones and tablets that closely resemble the iPhone and the iPad. Samsung starts gaining market share  hurting Apple Inc's margins and stock price and threatening its reign as the king of cool in consumer electronics."
"RPT-INSIGHT-Apple and Samsung  frenemies for life " "SAN FRANCISCO/SEOUL  Feb 10 It was the late Steve Jobs' worst nightmare."
"Australia to grill Apple  others on pricing " "CANBERRA Apple Inc has been ordered to appear before Australia's parliament with fellow technology giants Microsoft Inc and Adobe Systems Inc to explain why local consumers pay so much for their products  despite the strong Aussie dollar."
"Australia to grill Apple  others on pricing " "CANBERRA  Feb 11 Apple Inc has been ordered to appear before Australia's parliament with fellow technology giants Microsoft Inc and Adobe Systems Inc  to explain why local consumers pay so much for their products  despite the strong Aussie dollar."
"BlackBerry shares drop as Home Depot switches to iPhone " "TORONTO  Feb 11 Shares of BlackBerry   fell 3 percent on Monday after U.S. home improvement retailer Home Depot Inc said it is replacing the BlackBerry smartphones it provides its executives and managers with Apple Inc's iPhone."
"BlackBerry shares drop as Home Depot switches to iPhone " "TORONTO Shares of BlackBerry fell 3 percent on Monday after U.S. home improvement retailer Home Depot Inc said it is replacing the BlackBerry smartphones it provides its executives and managers with Apple Inc's iPhone."
"Judge speeds up schedule in Apple versus Einhorn case " "SAN FRANCISCO A judge approved Apple Inc's request to speed up the schedule in a lawsuit filed by star hedge fund manager David Einhorn's Greenlight Capital  part of an effort to get the company to share its huge cash reserves with investors."
"RPT-INSIGHT-Apple and Samsung  frenemies for life " "SAN FRANCISCO/SEOUL  Feb 10 It was the late Steve Jobs' worst nightmare."
"U.S. judge speeds up schedule in Apple vs Einhorn case " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 11 A U.S. judge approved Apple Inc's request to speed up the schedule in a lawsuit filed by star hedge fund manager David Einhorn's Greenlight Capital  part of an effort to get the company to share its huge cash reserves with investors."
"Apple CEO calls Einhorn lawsuit a ""silly sideshow"" " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook said the board is carefully considering David Einhorn's proposal for the company to issue preferred stock and return more cash to investors  but he called a lawsuit brought by the star hedge fund manager against Apple a ""silly sideshow."" | Video "
"Apple CEO calls tiff with Einhorn over preferred stock a 'sideshow' " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 12 Apple Inc CEO Tim Cook called David Einhorn's lawsuit against his company a ""sideshow"" but said on Tuesday the board is carefully considering the star hedge fund manager's proposal to issue preferred stock  calling it ""creative."""
"BRIEF-Apple CEO tim cook says company 'doesn't have a depression-era mentality' " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 12 Apple Inc :  * CEO tim cook says company 'doesn't have a depression-era mentality'  * CEO cook says board  management in 'very active discusions' on returning more"
"CORRECTED-UPDATE 4-Apple CEO calls Einhorn lawsuit a 'silly sideshow' " "(Corrects fourth paragraph to say that Einhorn  not the lawsuit  called for Apple to issue perpetual preferred shares.)"
"UPDATE 5-Apple CEO calls Einhorn lawsuit a 'silly sideshow' " "* Apple remains committed to finding ways to return more cash"
"Another investor sues Apple  taking a page from Einhorn playbook " "NEW YORK  Feb 13 Apple Inc on Wednesday was hit by another shareholder lawsuit  a case that is similar to the court challenge that star hedge fund manager David Einhorn brought as part of his push to unlock the company's cash hoard."
"Apple cuts MacBook prices by up to $200 " "Apple Inc cut the price on the base version of its 13-inch MacBook Pro laptop with ""retina"" display by $200 as it revamps its top-end laptops  weeks after the company reported a steep decline in Mac sales in the holiday quarter."
"Apple fires back at Einhorn  reveals high-level meeting details " "NEW YORK  Feb 13 David Einhorn tried to dissuade Apple Inc last week from eliminating its ability to issue preferred shares at will  saying the need to first obtain shareholder approval would be an unnecessary roadblock to any such future plans  the iPhone maker said in a court filing on Wednesday."
"Cooperman's Omega fund sold Apple stake in fourth quarter " "NEW YORK Omega Advisors  a hedge fund run by Chief Executive Leon Cooperman  sold its stake in Apple Inc and took new stakes in SandRidge Energy Inc and Facebook Inc in the fourth quarter  a regulatory filing showed on Wednesday."
"Cooperman's Omega sells Apple; buys Facebook  Sandridge - filing " "NEW YORK  Feb 13 Leon Cooperman  Chief Executive Officer of hedge fund Omega Advisors  sold his stake in Apple Inc and took new stakes in SandRidge Energy Inc and Facebook Inc in the fourth quarter  a regulatory filing showed on Wednesday."
"Loewe shares jump 43 percent on Apple bid talk " "FRANKFURT Shares in German luxury TV maker Loewe  surged on talk of a bid from Apple   rumors that first surfaced in May last year."
"No 'Plan B' for Microsoft's mobile ambitions -CFO " "* Microsoft CFO says working to offer Windows on all devices"
"No ""Plan B"" for Microsoft's mobile ambitions: CFO " "SEATTLE Microsoft Corp has not made much of a dent in Apple Inc's and Google Inc's domination of mobile computing  but a top executive hinted on Wednesday that it will not stop trying and does not have an alternative strategy."
"UPDATE 1-Loewe shares jump 43 percent on Apple bid talk " "* Apple seen bidding 4 euros a share for Loewe  traders say"
"UPDATE 2-Cooperman's Omega fund sold Apple stake in 4th quarter " "NEW YORK  Feb 13 Omega Advisors  a hedge fund run by Chief Executive Leon Cooperman  sold its stake in Apple Inc and took new stakes in SandRidge Energy Inc  and Facebook Inc in the fourth quarter  a regulatory filing showed on Wednesday."
"Apple challenges loss of iPhone trademark in Brazil " "* Brazil firm registered ""iphone"" seven years before Apple"
"Apple challenges loss of iPhone trademark in Brazil " "RIO DE JANEIRO Apple Inc  which lost the rights to its iPhone trademark in Brazil on Wednesday  is challenging the ruling by Brazil's copyright regulator to prevent local firm Gradiente Eletronica SA from using the ""iphone"" brand name."
"Apple's search technology lawsuit against Samsung may go on hold " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  Feb 14 A U.S. judge on Thursday asked Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  whether an Apple patent lawsuit over search technology should be put on hold for several months until after an appeals court resolves a separate lawsuit between the two companies."
"Apple's search technology lawsuit against Samsung may go on hold " "SAN JOSE  California A U.S. judge on Thursday asked Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd whether an Apple patent lawsuit over search technology should be put on hold for several months until after an appeals court resolves a separate lawsuit between the two companies."
"Big hedge funds fueled fourth-quarter dive in Apple shares " "BOSTON Some of the biggest hedge funds that helped make Apple Inc a stock market darling lost faith and dumped their stakes in the fourth quarter  fueling the massive drop in the iPhone maker's share price. | Video "
"CORRECTED-Big hedge funds fueled Apple's 4th-quarter share plunge " "(Corrects manager of Tiger Management LLC to Julian Robertson from Chase Coleman in 15th paragraph)"
"FUNDVIEW-T. Rowe Price tech fund sees value in chipmakers " "* Fund favors chipmakers as industrial demand  China rebound"
"HIGHLIGHTS-U.S. hedge funds sour on Apple; favor dollar stores " "Feb 14 Hedge fund heavyweights from Leon Cooperman's Omega Advisors to  Barry Rosenstein's Jana Partners threw in the towel on Apple Inc in the fourth quarter  while other managers found discount retailers Dollar General Corp and Dollar Tree Inc attractive  regulatory filings showed on Thursday."
"UPDATE 2-Big hedge funds fueled 4th-quarter dive in Apple shares " "BOSTON  Feb 14 Some of the biggest hedge funds that helped make Apple Inc a stock market darling lost faith and dumped their stakes in the fourth quarter  fueling the massive drop in the iPhone maker's share price."
"U.S. hedge funds sour on Apple; favor dollar stores " "Hedge fund heavyweights from Leon Cooperman's Omega Advisors to Barry Rosenstein's Jana Partners threw in the towel on Apple Inc in the fourth quarter  while other managers found discount retailers Dollar General Corp and Dollar Tree Inc attractive  regulatory filings showed on Thursday."
"Ahead of hearing  Einhorn reiterates case against Apple " "NEW YORK  Feb 15 David Einhorn reiterated his arguments Friday that a judge should block a shareholder vote on Apple Inc's proposal to eliminate its ability to issue preferred shares without investor approval  days before a court hearing."
"Big hedge funds fueled fourth-quarter dive in Apple shares " "BOSTON Some of the biggest hedge funds that helped make Apple Inc a stock market darling lost faith and dumped their stakes in the fourth quarter  fueling the massive drop in the iPhone maker's share price. | Video "
"REFILE-Former Apple retail boss Browett takes charge at Monsoon " "LONDON  Feb 15 Fashion retailer Monsoon Accessorize on Friday named ex-Dixons chief executive and former retail head at Apple Inc John Browett as its new CEO."
"UPDATE 1-U.S. hedge funds sour on Apple; favor dollar stores " "Feb 14 Hedge fund heavyweights from Leon Cooperman's Omega Advisors to  Barry Rosenstein's Jana Partners threw in the towel on Apple Inc in the fourth quarter  while other managers found discount retailers Dollar General Corp and Dollar Tree Inc attractive  regulatory filings showed on Thursday."
"U.S. hedge funds sour on Apple; favor dollar stores " "Hedge fund heavyweights from Leon Cooperman's Omega Advisors to Barry Rosenstein's Jana Partners threw in the towel on Apple Inc in the fourth quarter  while other managers found discount retailers Dollar General Corp and Dollar Tree Inc attractive  regulatory filings showed on Thursday."
"Ahead of hearing  Einhorn reiterates case against Apple " "NEW YORK David Einhorn reiterated his arguments Friday that a judge should block a shareholder vote on Apple Inc's proposal to eliminate its ability to issue preferred shares without investor approval  days before a court hearing."
"BRIEF-Judge reserves decision in Greenlight/Apple lawsuit - court hearing " "Feb 19 Apple Inc :  * Judge says greenlight capital has shown ""likelihood of success"" in Apple Inc"
"Exclusive: Apple  Macs hit by hackers who targeted Facebook " "BOSTON/SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc was recently attacked by hackers who infected Macintosh computers of some employees  the company said Tuesday in an unprecedented disclosure describing the widest known cyber attacks targeting Apple computers used by corporations."
"Greenlight shows 'likelihood of success' against Apple -judge " "NEW YORK  Feb 19 A U.S. judge made no immediate ruling Tuesday on hedge fund star David Einhorn's legal attack on Apple Inc  but said the hedge fund had shown a ""likelihood of success"" if the case goes forward."
"Judge says hedge fund Greenlight may succeed in Apple case " "NEW YORK A U.S. judge said David Einhorn's hedge fund had shown a ""likelihood of success"" if his legal attack against Apple Inc goes forward  though he made no immediate ruling on whether to block next week's shareholder vote on a proxy proposal."
"UPDATE 2-Einhorn hedge fund may succeed in Apple case  judge says " "NEW YORK  Feb 19 David Einhorn's hedge fund has shown a ""likelihood of success"" if his legal attack against Apple Inc goes forward  a U.S. judge said  though he made no immediate ruling on fund's request to block a shareholder vote on a proxy proposal next week."
"Apple supplier Foxconn freezes hiring at largest plant " "TAIPEI/NEW YORK Apple Inc's manufacturing partner Foxconn Technology Group has frozen hiring at a Shenzhen plant that makes gadgets including the iPhone 5 and put the brakes on recruiting for other factories across China  but said the move was not linked to any single client."
"Apple supplier Foxconn places hiring freeze on its largest plant " "Feb 20 One of Apple Inc's major suppliers  Taiwan-based Foxconn Technology Group  said on Wednesday it has placed a hiring freeze on its largest plant in Shenzhen."
"Einhorn hedge fund may succeed in Apple case  judge says " "NEW YORK David Einhorn's hedge fund has shown a ""likelihood of success"" if his legal attack against Apple Inc goes forward  a U.S. judge said  though he made no immediate ruling on fund's request to block a shareholder vote on a proxy proposal next week."
"Einhorn hedge fund may succeed in Apple case " "NEW YORK David Einhorn's hedge fund has shown a ""likelihood of success"" if his legal attack against Apple Inc  goes forward  a U.S. judge said  though he made no immediate ruling on fund's request to block a shareholder vote on a proxy proposal next week."
"Exclusive: Apple  Macs hit by hackers who targeted Facebook " "BOSTON/SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc was recently attacked by hackers who infected Macintosh computers of some employees  the company said Tuesday in an unprecedented disclosure describing the widest known cyber attacks targeting Apple computers used by corporations."
"UPDATE 1-Apple supplier Foxconn freezes hiring at largest plant " "* Plays down link with ""any single customer"" amid FT report"
"AIG is the new Apple of hedge fund managers' eyes: report " "NEW YORK American International Group  has replaced Apple Inc  as the hedge fund industry's favorite stock  according to a Goldman Sachs Group analysis of fourth-quarter regulatory filings."
"AIG is the new Apple of hedge fund managers' eyes - report " "NEW YORK  Feb 21 American International Group  has replaced Apple Inc as the hedge fund industry's favorite stock  according to a Goldman Sachs Group analysis of fourth-quarter regulatory filings."
"Apple supplier Foxconn freezes hiring at largest plant " "TAIPEI/NEW YORK Apple Inc's manufacturing partner Foxconn Technology Group has frozen hiring at a Shenzhen plant that makes gadgets including the iPhone 5 and put the brakes on recruiting for other factories across China  but said the move was not linked to any single client."
"BRIEF-Apple shares trim losses as Einhorn speaks " "NEW YORK  Feb 21 Apple Inc :  * Shares trimmed losses as David Einhorn hosts conference call. They were last down 0.9 percent at $444.80 and had been trading about 1.2 percent lower earlier."
"Einhorn says Apple 'iPref' stock would unlock value " "Feb 21 Star hedge fund manager David Einhorn has a new product that he wants Apple Inc. to offer: the iPref."
"Einhorn says Apple ""iPref"" stock would unlock value " "Star hedge fund manager David Einhorn has a new product that he wants Apple Inc.  to offer: the iPref."
"Jazzed-up Microsoft is cooler than before -Reuters/Ipsos " "* Reuters/IPSOS poll finds Facebook  Apple remain popular     * Older PC generation static in brand perception      By Gerry Shih     SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 21 Microsoft Corp is cooler than you might think.     A Reuters/Ipsos poll found that just under half of 853 respondents between the age of 18 and 29 thought Microsoft is cooler now than it was a year or two ago.     The software maker  often derided in Silicon Valley for failing to dream up products that captivate a new generation o"
"UPDATE 1-Hedge fund manager Einhorn takes Apple campaign to shareholders " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 20 Hedge fund manager David Einhorn  who is battling Apple Inc in court as part of a wider effort to get the iPhone-maker to share more of its cash pile  will now make a direct appeal to the company's shareholders."
"UPDATE 2-Apple supplier Foxconn freezes hiring at largest plant " "* Plays down link with ""any single customer"" amid FT report"
"Einhorn wins ruling against Apple in cash pile fight " "NEW YORK A U.S. judge handed outspoken hedge fund manager David Einhorn a victory in his battle with Apple Inc on Friday  blocking the iPhone maker from moving forward with a shareholder vote on a controversial proposal to limit the company's ability to issue preferred stock."
"Judge grants Einhorn injunction against Apple " "NEW YORK  Feb 22 A judge handed hedge fund star David Einhorn a victory in his court battle with Apple Inc  on Friday  blocking the iPhone maker from moving forward with a shareholder vote on a controversial proposal to limit the company's ability to issue preferred stock."
"Mondelez recalls belVita breakfast biscuits due to metal mesh " "Feb 21 Mondelez Global LLC said it was recalling varieties of its belVita breakfast biscuits in the United States and Puerto Rico due to possible contamination with flexible metal mesh."
"UPDATE 1-Microsoft says small number of its computers hacked " "SEATTLE  Feb 22 Microsoft Corp said on Friday a small number of its computers  including some in its Mac software business unit  were infected with malware  but there was no evidence of customer data being affected and it is continuing its investigation."
"UPDATE 2-Einhorn wins ruling against Apple in cash pile fight " "* Judge says Einhorn ""likely to succeed"" on merits of case"
"Einhorn scores legal victory versus Apple in cash scuffle " "NEW YORK A U.S. judge handed outspoken hedge fund manager David Einhorn a victory in his battle with Apple Inc on Friday  blocking the iPhone maker from moving forward with a shareholder vote on a controversial proposal to limit the company's ability to issue preferred stock."
"Microsoft says small number of its computers hacked " "SEATTLE Microsoft Corp said on Friday a small number of its computers  including some in its Mac software business unit  were infected with malware  but there was no evidence of customer data being affected and it is continuing its investigation."
"UPDATE 4-Einhorn scores legal victory vs Apple in cash scuffle " "* Judge says Einhorn ""likely to succeed"" on merits of case"
"Apple signals emerging-market rethink with India push " "NEW DELHI/BANGALORE As BlackBerry launches the first smartphone from its make-or-break BB10 line in India  one of its most loyal markets  the company faces new competition from a formidable rival that has long had a minimal presence in the country."
"Apple signals emerging-market rethink with India push " "NEW DELHI/BANGALORE  Feb 25 As BlackBerry  launches the first smartphone from its make-or-break BB10 line in India  one of its most loyal markets  the company faces new competition from a formidable rival that has long had a minimal presence in the country."
"Firefox takes on smartphone powers Apple  Google " "SAN FRANCISCO Mozilla  makers of the popular Firefox Internet browser  is preparing to challenge Google and Apple's grip on smartphone software."
"Web browser-maker Firefox takes on smartphone powers Apple  Google " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 24 Mozilla  makers of the popular Firefox Internet browser  is preparing to challenge Google and Apple's grip on smartphone software."
"Apple signals emerging-market rethink with India push " "NEW DELHI/BANGALORE As BlackBerry launches the first smartphone from its make-or-break BB10 line in India  one of its most loyal markets  the company faces new competition from a formidable rival that has long had a minimal presence in the country. | Video "
"CORRECTED-Apple signals emerging-market rethink with India push " "(Corrects para 16 to make clear that Google owns Android software)"
"Intel debuts new smartphone chip as mobile market consolidates " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 24 PC chipmaker Intel Inc  hopes its new smartphone processor will help it find a foothold in a mobile market coalescing around Apple AAPL.O>  Samsung Electronics and Qualcomm."
"Samsung to unveil its next Galaxy S smartphone on Apple's turf " "SEOUL  Feb 25 Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  said it will launch its new Galaxy S smartphone on March 14 in New York  taking its fight for market supremacy to Apple Inc's doorstep after reportedly being inundated with requests from U.S. mobile carriers."
"Samsung to unveil its next Galaxy S smartphone on Apple's turf " "SEOUL Samsung Electronics Co Ltd said it will launch its new Galaxy S smartphone on March 14 in New York  taking its fight for market supremacy to Apple Inc's doorstep after reportedly being inundated with requests from U.S. mobile carriers."
"UPDATE 2-Apple signals emerging-market rethink with India push " "NEW DELHI/BANGALORE  Feb 25 As BlackBerry  launches the first smartphone from its make-or-break BB10 line in India  one of its most loyal markets  the company faces new competition from a formidable rival that has long had a minimal presence in the country."
"Apple to settle lawsuit on inadvertent app purchases by kids " "Apple Inc has agreed to settle a class action lawsuit that said customers were charged when their children inadvertently downloaded certain applications from the company's online store  a court filing showed."
"Apple to settle lawsuit on inadvertent app purchases by kids " "Feb 26 Apple Inc has agreed to settle a class action lawsuit that said customers were charged when their children inadvertently downloaded certain applications from the company's online store  a court filing showed."
"Avago Technologies sees weak second-quarter revenue " "Chipmaker Avago Technologies Ltd  forecast lower-than-expected revenue for the current quarter  becoming the latest supplier for Apple products to warn of weak revenue this quarter."
"CORRECTED-UPDATE 1-Avago Technologies sees weak 2nd-qtr revenue " "(Corrects company name to 'TriQuint Seminconductor Inc' from 'Semiconductor Inc' in paragraph 2)"
"No word from Microsoft on Office for iPad " "SEATTLE  Feb 26 A top Microsoft Corp  executive side-stepped questions on Tuesday about any plans the software maker may have to bring its Office suite of applications to Apple Inc's iPad."
"Apple CEO says he feels shareholders' pain  urges long-term focus " "CUPERTINO  Calif.  Feb 27 Apple Inc CEO Tim Cook acknowledged on Wednesday that his shareholders were disappointed with a five-month slide of more than 30 percent in the company's share price but urged a focus on the longer term."
"Apple CEO says he feels shareholders' pain  urges long view " "CUPERTINO  California Apple Inc CEO Tim Cook on Wednesday acknowledged widespread disappointment in the company's sagging share price but shared few details about its secretive product pipeline and touched only briefly on a raging debate about how best to reward shareholders. | Video "
"BRIEF-Apple CEO knows shareholders ""disappointed"" by share price  urges long-term focus " "CUPERTINO  Calif.  Feb 27 Apple Inc :  * CEO says knows shareholders ""disappointed"" by share price  * CEO says focus should be on the long term  then revenue and profit will"
"Court denies Apple's motion to reduce damages against VirnetX " "Feb 27 VirnetX Holding Corp  an internet security software company  said a district court has upheld a previous patent infringement ruling against Apple Inc  and denied the iPhone maker's motion to reduce the $368 million in damages."
"Court denies Apple's motion to reduce damages in VirnetX lawsuit " "VirnetX Holding Corp  which holds internet security patents  said a federal court has upheld a ruling against Apple Inc in a patent infringement lawsuit and denied the iPhone maker's motion to reduce the $368 million in damages."
"No word from Microsoft on Office for iPad " "SEATTLE A top Microsoft Corp executive side-stepped questions on Tuesday about any plans the software maker may have to bring its Office suite of applications to Apple Inc's iPad."
"UPDATE 1-Court denies Apple's motion to reduce damages in VirnetX lawsuit " "Feb 27 VirnetX Holding Corp  which holds internet security patents  said a federal court has upheld a ruling against Apple Inc in a patent infringement lawsuit and denied the iPhone maker's motion to reduce the $368 million in damages."
"UPDATE 3-Apple CEO says he feels shareholders' pain  urges long view " "* Board re-elected easily  CEO gets more than 99 pct of vote"
"Leap shares fall on concerns about slow iPhone sales " "NEW YORK Shares of Leap Wireless International Inc fell 3 percent on Thursday after the company said it may be able to sell only half the iPhones it has committed to buying from Apple Inc  potentially setting it back by $450 million over three years."
"PRESS DIGEST - Financial Times - Feb 28 " "At least a third of Apple Inc's investors voted not to back the company's executive compensation at its annual shareholders' meeting."
"Samsung Elec says loses a Japan patent lawsuit to Apple " "SEOUL  Feb 28 A Tokyo court on Thursday ruled in favour of Apple Inc in a patent lawsuit over mobile devices filed by Samsung Electronics  the South Korean firm said."
"Samsung Electronics says loses a Japan patent lawsuit to Apple " "SEOUL A Tokyo court on Thursday ruled in favor of Apple Inc in a patent lawsuit over mobile devices filed by Samsung Electronics  the South Korean firm said."
"Apple battle yet to bear much fruit for Einhorn fund " "NEW YORK In a month when outspoken hedge fund manager David Einhorn went to battle with Apple Inc over the best use of the tech company's cash  his $8.8 billion hedge fund appeared to gain little from the effort in terms of performance."
"Einhorn drops lawsuit against Apple  ends high-profile challenge " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 1 Hedge fund manager David Einhorn's Greenlight Capital has dropped its lawsuit against Apple Inc after winning a battle to stop the iPhone maker from a shareholder vote on a proposal to abolish its ability to issue preferred shares at its discretion."
"Einhorn drops lawsuit versus Apple  ends challenge " "SAN FRANCISCO Hedge fund manager David Einhorn's Greenlight Capital withdrew its lawsuit against Apple Inc  after winning an injunction last week that blocked the iPhone maker from moving forward with a shareholder vote on a controversial proposal."
"Einhorn's Greenlight hedge fund up 0.3 percent in Feb - sources " "NEW YORK  March 1 David Einhorn's more than $8 billion hedge fund  Greenlight Capital  gained 0.3 percent in February  according to sources familiar with the matter."
"Judge cuts Apple award vs Samsung  sets new damages trial " "Apple Inc had a major setback in its ongoing mobile patents battle with Samsung Electronics on Friday  as a federal judge slashed a $1.05 billion jury award by more than 40 percent and set a new trial to determine damages."
"Judge throws out part of Apple patent award against Samsung " "March 1 Apple Inc lost a major ruling in its ongoing patent battle with Samsung Electronics  on Friday  as a federal judge threw out part of a jury's $1.05 billion damages award against Samsung over a variety of phone products."
"UPDATE 1-Einhorn drops lawsuit vs Apple  ends challenge " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 1 Hedge fund manager David Einhorn's Greenlight Capital withdrew its lawsuit against Apple Inc  after winning an injunction last week that blocked the iPhone maker from moving forward with a shareholder vote on a controversial proposal."
"UPDATE 2-Apple battle yet to bear much fruit for Einhorn fund " "* Firm has been involved in activist battle with Apple in Feb"
"UPDATE 3-Judge cuts Apple award vs Samsung  sets new damages trial " "* More than $450 mln struck from original $1.05 bln jury verdict"
"Judge cuts Apple award versus Samsung  sets new damages trial " "Apple Inc had a major setback in its mobile patents battle with Samsung Electronics on Friday  as a federal judge slashed a $1.05 billion jury award by more than 40 percent and set a new trial to determine damages."
"Samsung Electronics shares rise after Apple award nearly halved " "SEOUL Shares in Samsung Electronics Co  rose 1.1 percent on Monday after a U.S. judge almost halved the $1.05 billion jury award Apple Inc  had won in its mobile patents battle with the South Korean firm  and set a new trial to determine damages."
"Sony looking to beat Chinese rivals to be No.3 in smartphones " "TOKYO Sony Corp said it aims to win third place in smartphone markets around the world behind Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co  pitting it against Chinese companies Huawei Technology and and ZTE that are looking to become the third big player in mobile devices."
"Exclusive: Apple's Cook  music mogul Iovine discuss new music service " "SAN FRANCISCO/LOS ANGELES Apple Inc has held talks with Beats Electronics LLC  the audio technology firm co-founded by influential hip-hop producer Dr Dre and music mogul Jimmy Iovine  on a potential partnership involving Beats' planned music-streaming service  three people familiar with the situation told Reuters."
"UPDATE 3-Samsung gets a foot in at key Apple supplier Sharp with $110 mln investment " "TOKYO/SEOUL  March 6 Samsung Electronics Co   with a $110 million investment in cash-strapped Sharp Corp  will broaden its supplier base  gain access to low-power thin screen technology and get a foot in the door at one of Apple Inc's key Asian display suppliers."
"Analysis: Next Intel CEO to guide new business  maybe Apple deal " "SAN FRANCISCO/NEW YORK Intel's next CEO is likely to shepherd the top chipmaker into a growing contract-manufacturing business  a strategic shift that could lead to a deal with Apple Inc and give it a fighting chance to make inroads in the mobile arena."
"Korea Hot Stocks-LG Display  OCI " "SEOUL  March 7 South Korea's main KOSPI share index was down 0.4 percent at 2 012.15 points as of 0043 GMT. The index opened down 0.1 percent at 2 018.63."
"Seoul shares slip on profit-taking  risk and currency moves " "SEOUL  March 7 Seoul shares were down on Thursday morning as blue-chip exporters such as Samsung Electronics came under pressure due to profit-taking  currency moves and geopolitical risk."
"CEO Tim Cook may have to testify in Apple e-books case " "Apple Inc CEO Tim Cook could be deposed in the government's lawsuit against the company over alleged price-setting in the e-book market."
"CEO Tim Cook may have to testify in Apple e-books case " "March 8 Apple Inc CEO Tim Cook could be deposed in the government's lawsuit against the company over alleged price-setting in the e-book market."
"Judge will not suspend Apple Siri patent case vs. Samsung " "SAN FRANCISCO A judge on Friday refused to suspend Apple Inc's patent lawsuit against Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  a case that includes search technology in Apple's Siri voice assistant."
"UPDATE 2-U.S. judge will not suspend Apple Siri patent case vs. Samsung " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 8 A U.S. judge on Friday refused to suspend Apple Inc's patent lawsuit against Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  a case that includes search technology in Apple's Siri voice assistant."
"U.S. judge will not suspend Apple Siri patent case vs. Samsung " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 8 A U.S. judge on Friday refused to suspend Apple Inc's patent lawsuit against Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  a case that includes search technology in Apple's Siri voice assistant."
"Apple has 25 pct chance of missing outlook - analyst " "March 12 Apple Inc has a 25 percent chance of missing its quarterly revenue forecast as iPhone sales slow and Samsung launches its highly anticipated Galaxy S4 smartphone  Jefferies analyst Peter Misek said."
"Apple has 25 percent chance of missing outlook: analyst " "Apple Inc has a 25 percent chance of missing its quarterly revenue forecast as iPhone sales slow and Samsung launches its highly anticipated Galaxy S4 smartphone  Jefferies analyst Peter Misek said. | Video "
"Apple's iPads to fall behind Android tablets this year -IDC " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 12 Shipments of Apple Inc's  iPads will fall behind the growing variety of tablets running Google Inc's Android platform for the first time this year as smaller-sized devices catch on with more consumers  research firm International Data Corp (IDC) said on Tuesday."
"Apple's iPad to fall behind Android as tablet war grows " "SAN FRANCISCO Shipments of tablets running Google Inc's Android will overtake the iPad this year for the first time  research house IDC predicted on Tuesday  as Apple Inc cedes more mobile market share to hard-charging rivals around the globe."
"UPDATE 2-Apple's iPad to fall behind Android as tablet war grows " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 12 Shipments of tablets running Google Inc's Android will overtake the iPad this year for the first time  research house IDC predicted on Tuesday  as Apple Inc cedes more mobile market share to hard-charging rivals around the globe."
"Apple CEO Cook must testify in e-books antitrust case -judge " "NEW YORK  March 13 Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook must sit for a deposition in the U.S. government's lawsuit against the company over alleged price-fixing in the e-book market  a judge ruled on Wednesday."
"Apple CEO Cook ordered to testify in e-books case " "NEW YORK Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook must sit for a deposition in the U.S. government's lawsuit against the company over alleged price-fixing in the e-book market  a judge ruled on Wednesday."
"Apple's Schiller blasts Android  Samsung on Galaxy's eve " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc marketing chief Phil Schiller attacked Google Inc's ""fragmented"" Android software and its biggest adopter  Samsung Electronics  a day before the Korean firm takes the wraps off its latest flagship smartphone in the United States. | Video "
"For China Mobile  4G and next iPhone are key to unlocking Apple demand " "* 2012 net income seen rising just 1.2 pct to 127 bln yuan"
"Trade panel delays decision on Apple  Samsung patent fight " "WASHINGTON  March 13 The U.S. International Trade Commission said on Wednesday that it would delay a decision on allegations that Apple infringed upon patents owned by Samsung Electronics in making the iPod touch  iPhone and iPad."
"Trade panel delays decision on Apple  Samsung patent fight " "WASHINGTON The U.S. International Trade Commission said on Wednesday that it would delay a decision on allegations that Apple infringed upon patents owned by Samsung Electronics in making the iPod touch  iPhone and iPad. | Video "
"UPDATE 1-Apple CEO Cook ordered to testify in e-books case " "NEW YORK  March 13 Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook must sit for a deposition in the U.S. government's lawsuit against the company over alleged price-fixing in the e-book market  a judge ruled on Wednesday."
"Apple's Schiller blasts Android  Samsung on Galaxy's eve " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc marketing chief Phil Schiller attacked Google Inc's ""fragmented"" Android software and its biggest adopter  Samsung Electronics  a day before the Korean firm takes the wraps off its latest flagship smartphone in the United States. | Video "
"PRESS DIGEST - Financial Times - March 14 " "Qatar has begun talks with the UK government to invest up to 10 billion pounds ($14.92 billion) into key infrastructure projects."
"Samsung Galaxy S4 emerges to do battle on Apple's home turf " "NEW YORK  March 14 Samsung Electronics Co  on Thursday premiered its latest flagship phone  the Galaxy S4  which sports a bigger display and unconventional features such as gesture controls and will spearhead its effort to challenge Apple Inc on its home turf."
"Samsung Galaxy S4 emerges to do battle on Apple's home turf " "NEW YORK Samsung Electronics Co on Thursday premiered its latest flagship phone  the Galaxy S4  which sports a bigger display and unconventional features such as gesture controls and will spearhead its effort to challenge Apple Inc on its home turf."
"UPDATE 1-For China Mobile  4G and next iPhone key to unlocking Apple demand " "* Pinning hopes on next iPhone to support its 4G technology"
"Analysts View: Samsung Galaxy S4 emerges to do battle on Apple's home turf " "Samsung Electronics Co premiered its latest flagship phone  the Galaxy S4  which sports a bigger display and unconventional features such as gesture controls and which will spearhead its efforts to challenge Apple Inc on its home turf."
"China TV consumer show criticises Apple and Volkswagen " "SHANGHAI  March 15 Technology giant Apple Inc  and car maker Volkswagen AG were singled out by state-run China Central Television (CCTV) in its annual corporate malpractice expose."
"Radio frequency chip makers tune in to smartphone race " "Radio frequency chip makers are set to gain as Samsung Electronics Co Ltd and Apple Inc unveil ever more sophisticated smartphones and tablets to battle for the No. 1 spot in the global mobile devices market."
"Radio frequency chip makers tune in to smartphone race " "* RF Micro  Skyworks to benefit as more LTE chips used in smartphones"
"REFILE-UPDATE 3-Samsung's Galaxy S4 emerges to do battle on Apple's home turf " "* S4 bristling with new control  gesture and navigation features"
"UPDATE 2-China TV consumer show criticises Apple and Volkswagen " "SHANGHAI  March 15 Technology giant Apple Inc  and car maker Volkswagen AG were singled out by state-run China Central Television (CCTV) in its annual corporate malpractice expose."
"Samsung Galaxy S4 blitz may prompt Apple rethink " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 15 Samsung's  newest  feature-packed Galaxy S4 may put pressure on Apple Inc  to accelerate its pace of smartphone design and venture into cheaper devices - both departures from usual practice."
"Samsung Galaxy S4 blitz may prompt Apple rethink " "SAN FRANCISCO Samsung's newest  feature-packed Galaxy S4 may put pressure on Apple Inc to accelerate its pace of smartphone design and venture into cheaper devices - both departures from usual practice."
"Adobe chief technology officer to join Apple " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc has snagged Adobe System's chief technology officer  Kevin Lynch  who oversees the software maker's technology research and experience design teams with a focus on cloud and social computing."
"Adobe chief technology officer to join Apple " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 19 Apple Inc has snagged Adobe System's chief technology officer  Kevin Lynch  who oversees the software maker's technology research and experience design teams with a focus on cloud and social computing."
"BRIEF-Apple recruits Adobe CTO as VP technology " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 19 Apple Inc :  * Apple hires Adobe CTO as VP technology reporting to Apple"
"Samsung working on wristwatch  joins Apple - source " "SEOUL  March 19 Samsung Electronics Co  is developing a wearable digital device similar to a wristwatch  a source with direct knowledge of the matter said  joining rival Apple Inc in creating new products as growth of smartphone sales slows."
"Samsung working on wristwatch to rival Apple's " "SEOUL Samsung Electronics Co is developing a wearable digital device similar to a wristwatch  a source with direct knowledge of the matter said  joining rival Apple Inc in creating new products as growth of smartphone sales slows."
"Software co. Intertrust accuses Apple of infringing patents " "Intertrust Technologies Corp  a software firm owned by a group that includes Sony Corp and Royal Philips Electronics  said on Wednesday it has sued Apple Inc for infringing 15 patents relating to security."
"Software firm Intertrust says Apple infringed patents " "March 20 Apple Inc infringed 15 patents relating to security  Intertrust Technologies Corp alleged in a lawsuit against the iPhone maker."
"UPDATE 1-Software co. Intertrust accuses Apple of infringing patents " "March 20 Intertrust Technologies Corp  a software firm owned by a group that includes Sony Corp  and Royal Philips Electronics  said on Wednesday it has sued Apple Inc for infringing 15 patents relating to security."
"Apple investors pay more for downside bets " "* Number of open bearish options positions down vs. Sept 2012"
"Apple investors pay more for downside bets " "The steady slide in longtime market darling Apple Inc has brought in options investors willing to pay more for bearish bets than at any time in the last four years."
"Apple makes renewable energy push with solar  fuel cells " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc now runs its largest U.S. data center entirely on renewable energy  with a majority of the power generated on-site from solar panels and fuel cells  the company's chief financial officer  Peter Oppenheimer  said on Thursday."
"Apple makes renewable energy push with solar  fuel cells " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 21 Apple Inc now runs its largest U.S. data center entirely on renewable energy  with a majority of the power generated on-site from solar panels and fuel cells  the company's chief financial officer  Peter Oppenheimer  said on Thursday."
"MARKET PULSE-Oracle  Guess  Jabil Circuit  Apple  HP " "March 21 Some U.S. stocks to watch on Thursday:"
"Apple blames record labels  film studios for high Australian prices " "* Apple  Adobe and Microsoft executives grilled on high prices"
"Apple makes renewable energy push with solar  fuel cells " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc now runs its largest U.S. data center entirely on renewable energy  with a majority of the power generated on-site from solar panels and fuel cells  the company's chief financial officer  Peter Oppenheimer  said on Thursday."
"CORRECTED-Apple makes renewable energy push with solar  fuel cells " "(Amends power measure in second paragrpah to kilowatt-hours  from kilowatts)"
"EU antitrust regulators monitoring distribution of Apple's iPad  iPhone " "BRUSSELS  March 22 EU antitrust regulators have been informed of possible anti-competitive issues related to distribution of Apple's iPhone and iPad tablets  a spokesman for the European Commission said on Friday."
"EU regulator monitors Apple iPad and iPhone distribution " "BRUSSELS The European Union is looking into potential antitrust violations involving the distribution of Apple Inc's iPhones and iPads  after receiving what sources said were informal complaints from telecoms operators. | Video "
"UPDATE 2-EU regulator monitors Apple iPad and iPhone distribution " "BRUSSELS  March 22 The European Union is looking into potential antitrust violations involving the distribution of Apple Inc's iPhones and iPads  after receiving what sources said were informal complaints from telecoms operators."
"Apple buys Silicon Valley startup WiFiSlam " "NEW YORK Apple has acquired a Silicon Valley startup  WiFiSlam  which makes mapping applications for smart phones."
"Apple buys Silicon Valley startup WiFiSlam " "NEW YORK  March 24 Apple has acquired a Silicon Valley startup  WiFiSlam  which makes mapping applications for smart phones."
"Apple buys Silicon Valley startup WiFiSlam " "NEW YORK Apple has acquired a Silicon Valley startup  WiFiSlam  which makes mapping applications for smart phones."
"UPDATE 1-Hon Hai posts record Q4 net  but margins face new challenge in 2013 " "TAIPEI  March 25 Taiwan's Hon Hai Precision Industry posted a record net profit and lifted margins in the last quarter as it braced for a weaker performance from its biggest client  iPad maker Apple Inc."
"U.S. court questions public interest scope in Apple secrecy hearing " "WASHINGTON A federal appeals court aggressively questioned the scope of the public interest and trade secrets at a hearing on Tuesday over document secrecy in Apple Inc's patent litigation against Samsung Electronics Co Ltd. | Video "
"US court questions public interest scope in Apple secrecy hearing " "WASHINGTON  March 26 A federal appeals court aggressively questioned the scope of the public interest and trade secrets at a hearing on Tuesday over document secrecy in Apple Inc's patent litigation against Samsung Electronics Co Ltd."
"Popularity helps buffer Apple from Chinese state-media attacks " "SHANGHAI Chinese Internet users are crying foul over the perceived unfair treatment doled out to Apple Inc by state-run media which has actively criticized the smartphone maker for the past two weeks over its warranty policy."
"Popularity helps buffer Apple from Chinese state-media attacks " "SHANGHAI  March 27 Chinese Internet users are crying foul over the perceived unfair treatment doled out to Apple Inc by state-run media which has actively criticised the smartphone maker for the past two weeks over its warranty policy."
"UPDATE 1-Popularity helps buffer Apple from Chinese state-media attacks " "SHANGHAI  March 27 Chinese Internet users are crying foul over the perceived unfair treatment doled out to Apple Inc by state-run media which has actively criticised the smartphone maker for the past two weeks over its warranty policy."
"Chinese regulator calls for tighter supervision of Apple " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc has come under criticism from a Chinese marketplace regulator  which called for stronger supervision of the iPhone-maker's consumer policies within the country  according to state-run media."
"Chinese regulator calls for tighter supervision of Apple " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 28 Apple Inc has come under criticism from a Chinese marketplace regulator  which called for stronger supervision of the iPhone-maker's consumer policies within the country  according to state-run media."
"Apple apologises to Chinese consumers over warranty confusion " "BEIJING  April 1 Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook apologised to Chinese consumers on Monday for confusion over its warranty policy following more than two weeks of criticism in the Chinese media of its after-sales service."
"Apple apologizes to Chinese consumers  revamps service " "BEIJING/SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook apologized to Chinese consumers on Monday and altered iPhone warranty policies in its No. 2 market after more than two weeks of condemnation in the state-run media of its after-sales service. | Video "
"Fidelity Contrafund's Danoff cuts Apple stake 10 percent " "BOSTON Portfolio manager Will Danoff  whose $92 billion Fidelity Contrafund is the largest active shareholder in Apple Inc  cut the fund's stake in the iPhone maker 10 percent during the first two months of 2013."
"Fidelity Contrafund's Danoff cuts Apple stake by 10 pct " "BOSTON  April 1 Portfolio manager Will Danoff  whose $92 billion Fidelity Contrafund is the largest active shareholder in Apple Inc  cut the fund's stake in the maker of the iPhone by 10 percent during the first two months of 2013."
"PRESS DIGEST - Financial Times - April 2 " "Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook has apologised to Chinese consumers over the company's after-sales service following intense pressure from Chinese state media."
"UPDATE 1-Fidelity Contrafund's Danoff cuts Apple stake 10 pct " "BOSTON  April 1 Portfolio manager Will Danoff  whose $92 billion Fidelity Contrafund is the largest active shareholder in Apple Inc  cut the fund's stake in the iPhone maker 10 percent during the first two months of 2013."
"UPDATE 2-Apple apologises to Chinese consumers  revamps service " "BEIJING/SAN FRANCISCO  April 1 Apple Inc  Chief Executive Tim Cook apologised to Chinese consumers on Monday and altered iPhone warranty policies in its No. 2 market after more than two weeks of condemnation in the state-run media of its after-sales service."
"Apple apologizes to Chinese consumers  revamps service " "BEIJING/SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook apologized to Chinese consumers on Monday and altered iPhone warranty policies in its No. 2 market after more than two weeks of condemnation in the state-run media of its after-sales service. | Video "
"PRESS DIGEST - British Business - April 2 " "Coutts  the high-end private bank  has warned its clients against exposing their fortunes to a potential collapse of the high-yield debt market amid growing concerns of a new global credit bubble."
"RPT-Sorry Apple gets respect in China after tabloid trial " "SHANGHAI  April 2 With its rare apology  Apple Inc went from pariah to praiseworthy in the eyes of China's state-controlled media  a lesson for other foreign firms not to underestimate the speed and power of the government press."
"Sorry Apple gets respect in China after tabloid trial " "SHANGHAI  April 2 With its rare apology  Apple Inc went from pariah to praiseworthy in the eyes of China's state-controlled media  a lesson for other foreign firms not to underestimate the speed and power of the government press."
"Sorry Apple gets respect in China after tabloid trial " "SHANGHAI With its rare apology  Apple Inc went from pariah to praiseworthy in the eyes of China's state-controlled media  a lesson for other foreign firms not to underestimate the speed and power of the government press. | Video "
"Samsung woos less affluent phone users to beat seasonal gloom " "* Handset shipments seen up 10 pct at record 70 mln - analysts"
"Apple  Google won't face poaching class action suit  yet " "A U.S. judge ruled that a lawsuit alleging a broad conspiracy among Silicon Valley companies not to poach each other's employees cannot proceed as a class action for now  but left the door open for workers to eventually sue as a group."
"ITC judge says Samsung infringes key part of Apple patent " "WASHINGTON  April 5 Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  infringed a key portion of an Apple Inc  patent by including a text-selection feature in its smartphones and tablets  an International Trade Commission judge said in a preliminary decision."
"ITC judge says Samsung infringes key part of Apple patent " "WASHINGTON Samsung Electronics Co Ltd infringed a key portion of an Apple Inc patent by including a text-selection feature in its smartphones and tablets  an International Trade Commission judge said in a preliminary decision."
"Samsung Electronics marketing blitz stirs debate over innovation " "* 2012 marketing spending $11.6 bln vs R&D spending $10.3 bln"
"UPDATE 2-Apple  Google won't face poaching class action suit  yet " "April 5 A U.S. judge ruled that a lawsuit alleging a broad conspiracy among Silicon Valley companies not to poach each other's employees cannot proceed as a class action for now  but left the door open for workers to eventually sue as a group."
"Hon Hai first quarter sales down as iPhone disappoints " "TAIPEI Hon Hai Precision Industry Co Ltd  the main manufacturer of Apple Inc products  posted a 19 percent decline in sales in the first quarter compared with a year earlier  hurt by disappointing demand for the iPhone."
"KOREA HOT STOCKS-LG Electronics hits year high on profit jump hopes " "SEOUL  April 10 South Korea's main KOSPI share index was up 0.65 percent at 1933.13 points as of 0204 GMT."
"UPDATE 1-Hon Hai Q1 sales down as iPhone disappoints " "TAIPEI  April 10 Hon Hai Precision Industry Co Ltd  the main manufacturer of Apple Inc products   posted a 19 percent decline in sales in the first quarter compared with a year earlier  hurt by disappointing demand for the iPhone."
"France threatens EU action over Apple App Store ban " "PARIS  April 11 France plans to ask the European Commission for tighter regulation of Internet companies following Apple's decision to remove a French-designed app from its App Store."
"High-end models lift LG to No.3 smartphone maker by sales " "SEOUL  April 11 LG Electronics Inc  has become the world's No.3 smartphone maker behind Apple Inc  and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd for the first time in the $223 billion market  industry data showed  as solid sales of high-end models helped it win customers."
"Amazon lifts executive stock awards as Apple rivalry heats up " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 12 Amazon.com Inc  increased stock compensation for key executives in 2012 as the world's largest Internet retailer stepped up competition with Apple Inc  according to a regulatory filing on Friday."
"EU court decision heralds multi-country European music licenses " "BRUSSELS  April 12 Europe's music royalties societies must now allow artists to sign up to a society of their choice and make multi-country licenses available to the likes of Amazon and Apple after a court backed an EU veto on national monopolies."
"INDIA PRESS-Apple India's revenue seen topping $1 bln this year - Economic Times " "Proposed US immigration bill could hurt Indian outsourcing deals - Mint"
"iPhone supplier Japan Display turns to smaller smartphone makers " "TOKYO Japan Display Inc  one of two Japanese producers of Apple Inc iPhone screens  wants to boost sales by up to 60 percent by winning more business from smaller makers of phones and tablets to offset lackluster orders from its bigger clients."
"Trader admits fraud in $1 billion Apple stock scheme " "April 16 A former Rochdale Securities trader whose unauthorized purchase of about $1 billion of Apple Inc  stock caused the demise of the financial services company pleaded guilty on Monday to wire fraud and conspiracy."
"Amazon gains against Apple's iTunes in music downloads " "* Amazon had 22 pct of music download market in late 2012 -NPD"
"Amazon gains against Apple's iTunes in music downloads " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc has grabbed more than a fifth of the market for digital music downloads  helped by the launch of its own tablet computers and aggressive pricing  according to an industry study released on Tuesday. | Video "
"CORRECTED-HP aims to revolutionize computers with motion-control technology " "(In 10th paragraph  please read as the number of developers who have requested developer toolkits  rather than submitted niche apps)"
"HP aims to revolutionize computers with motion-control technology " "SAN FRANCISCO Computers controlled by a swipe of the hand - a staple of science fiction flicks like ""Minority Report"" - could soon hit the mass market as the result of a new deal between Hewlett-Packard Co and a San Francisco startup called Leap Motion."
"Nikkei set to fall on weak global markets; Apple-linked shares may falter " "TOKYO  April 18 Japan's Nikkei share average is expected to open lower on Thursday as buyers are likely to be sidelined by weak global equity markets and worries about global growth.      Market players said the Nikkei was likely to trade between 13 200 to 13 350 after rising 1.2 percent to 13 382.89 on Wednesday. Nikkei futures in Chicago closed at 13 270  down 1.0 percent from the close in Osaka of 13 400.     Overnight  European shares fell to their lowest levels so far this year "
"Supplier woes stir Apple demand fears  stock drops below $400 " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc's shares fell below $400 on Wednesday for the first time since December 2011 after a chip supplier's disappointing revenue forecast fanned fears about weakening demand for the iPhone and iPad as competition intensifies. | Video "
"UPDATE 3-Supplier woes stir Apple demand fears  stock drops below $400 " "* Cirrus Logic outlook fans worry on Apple's product demand"
"US STOCKS-Drop in Apple shares  weak profits drag Wall St lower " "NEW YORK  April 17 U.S. stocks fell in a broad market selloff Wednesday  led by a sharp drop in Apple shares on worries about slowing demand for its products and weaker-than-expected results from Bank of America that battered the financial sector."
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall St ends sharply lower as Apple slides " "NEW YORK  April 17 U.S. stocks fell in a broad market selloff Wednesday  led by a sharp fall in Apple on worries about slowing demand while weaker-than-expected results from Bank of America pressured the financial sector."
"US STOCKS-Wall Street falls  led by drop in Apple " "NEW YORK  April 17 U.S. stocks dropped 1 percent in a broad decline on Wednesday  led by a drop in Apple shares on worries about slowing demand  while energy and other commodity-related shares sank for a second day this week."
"US STOCKS-Wall Street sells off  led by Apple " "NEW YORK  April 17 U.S. stocks fell in a broad market selloff Wednesday  led by a sharp fall in Apple shares on worries about slowing demand for its products and weaker-than-expected results from Bank of America that battered the financial sector."
"US STOCKS-Wall St slumps in broad decline  Apple sinks " "NEW YORK  April 17 U.S. stocks dropped 1 percent in a broad decline on Wednesday  with materials and energy shares leading the way lower as commodity prices dropped  while a selloff in Apple shares pressured the Nasdaq."
"ADR REPORT-Apple component suppliers lead foreign shares lower " "NEW YORK  April 18 U.S.-listed shares of Asian companies fell on Thursday  pressured by Apple component suppliers  on concerns of slowing sales of the iPhone maker's products  while global growth worries dampened the appeal of exporters."
"BRIEF-Verizon confident could do a Verizon Wireless deal without big tax implications " "April 18 Verizon Communications Inc :  * Sees wireless postpaid growth accelerating each quarter in 2013  similar to"
"Hong Kong shares close down 0.3 pct in 5th straight daily loss " "HONG KONG  April 18 Hong Kong shares extended losses into a fifth day on Thursday  with weakness in commodities-related counters and Apple Inc suppliers outweighing strength in Chinese property developers."
"Nikkei drops 1.2 pct as Apple component suppliers weigh " "TOKYO  April 18 Japan's Nikkei share average shed 1.2 percent on Thursday as Apple-linked shares came under pressure on concerns of slowing sales of the iPhone maker's products  while global growth worries dampened the appeal of exporters.     The Nikkei ended 162.82 points lower at 13 220.07  breaking below its five-day moving average of 13 317.04.     The broader Topix index dropped 1.2 percent to 1 122.97."
"Nikkei falls 1.2 pct  hurt by Apple component suppliers " "* Exporters also come under pressure     * Game sector in demand  GungHo jumps 9.4 pct     * Foreign investors' net buying in Japan stocks jumps last week      By Dominic Lau     TOKYO  April 18 Japan's Nikkei share average dropped 1.2 percent on Thursday as Apple-linked shares came under pressure on concerns of slowing sales of the iPhone maker's products  while global growth worries dampened the appeal of exporters.     Apple Inc's suppliers in Japan took a battering after the U.S."
"Nikkei retreats as blue-chips lose ground; Apple suppliers sag " "* Yen level in focus until G20 outcome - analysts     * Blue-chip exporters fall  small-caps limit downside     * Apple suppliers under pressure after Apple's share tumbles     * Nomura see Nikkei at around 14 500 in June      By Tomo Uetake     TOKYO  April 18 Japan's Nikkei share average retreated on Thursday morning as exporters lost ground on worries about global growth while Apple-linked shares came under pressure on concerns of slowing sales of the iPhone maker's products.     "
"Samsung says considers Hynix chips for its mobile products " "SEOUL Samsung Electronics Co is considering purchasing mobile memory chips from rival SK Hynix Inc for future products including its new flagship Galaxy S smartphone to be launched this month  J.K. Shin  head of Samsung's mobile business  said on Thursday."
"Seoul shares fall as earnings concerns hurt tech sector; LG Display slumps " "* LG Display down 4 pct after key Apple supplier's weak earnings"
"Seoul shares near five-month low as earnings fears hit techs " "SEOUL  April 18 Seoul shares fell on Thursday to a near five-month low  as LG Display led a broad selloff of tech stocks on worries about slowing demand for Apple Inc's products and a weak growth outlook for Intel ."
"UPDATE 4-Supplier woes stir Apple demand fears  Asian parts makers dive " "* Cirrus Logic outlook fans worry on Apple's product demand"
"Penguin offers to scrap Apple e-book deals to end EU antitrust case " "BRUSSELS  April 19 British media group Pearson's  Penguin unit has offered to scrap e-book deals with Apple that imposed price restrictions on Amazon  and other retailers  EU antitrust regulators said on Friday."
"Wall Street Week Ahead: In earnings frenzy  will Apple get crushed? " "NEW YORK Apple may have lost nearly half of its value since its peak in September  but it's still the talk of the town. Only this time  it's all about how low can it go? | Video "
"Wall St Week Ahead: In earnings frenzy  will Apple get crushed? " "* Earnings in full swing: 1/3 of Dow components to report next week"
"Apple's dimming luster roils suppliers  investors " "TOKYO/TAIPEI Apple Inc marketing chief Phil Schiller let slip during last August's courtroom battle with Samsung that when setting forecasts for new iPhones  the inside joke was that people should assume sales would equal all previous versions combined. | Video "
"Apple's dimming luster roils suppliers  investors " "TOKYO/TAIPEI  April 21 Apple Inc  marketing chief Phil Schiller let slip during last August's courtroom battle with Samsung that when setting forecasts for new iPhones  the inside joke was that people should assume sales would equal all previous versions combined."
"Investors brace for more stock volatility on Apple earnings " "* Apple options Friday suggest about 7.5 pct earnings move"
"Investors brace for more stock volatility on Apple earnings " "NEW YORK/CHICAGO For years  Apple Inc was a stock investor's dream regardless of the market environment. But now concern about the iPhone maker's growth has made many investors wary about a big share swing after its earnings are released on Tuesday. | Video "
"RPT-Wall St Week Ahead: In earnings frenzy  will Apple get crushed? " "* Earnings full swing: 1/3 of Dow components report this wk"
"Apple's dimming luster roils suppliers  investors " "TOKYO/TAIPEI Apple Inc marketing chief Phil Schiller let slip during last August's courtroom battle with Samsung that when setting forecasts for new iPhones  the inside joke was that people should assume sales would equal all previous versions combined. | Video "
"Google Play revenue surges  but still far short of Apple: data " "SEOUL Google's app store revenues are growing much faster than those of Apple Inc  but Apple still dominates overall sales  market research data taken from the first three months of the year shows."
"LG Display logs small profit as Apple orders slow " "SEOUL  April 22 LG Display Co Ltd  reported on Monday its smallest profit since it returned to the black in the second quarter of last year as demand for iPhone and iPad screens from Apple Inc  its single biggest customer  weakened amid intensifying competition."
"RPT-Apple's dimming luster roils suppliers  investors " "TOKYO/TAIPEI  April 21 Apple Inc  marketing chief Phil Schiller let slip during last August's courtroom battle with Samsung that when setting forecasts for new iPhones  the inside joke was that people should assume sales would equal all previous versions combined."
"RPT-Investors brace for more stock volatility on Apple earnings " "* Apple options Friday suggest about 7.5 pct earnings move"
"Slowdown in Apple orders weighs on LG Display's first-quarter profit " "SEOUL LG Display Co Ltd reported its smallest profit since it returned to the black in the second quarter of last year  as demand for iPhone and iPad screens from Apple weakened amid concerns the U.S. company is losing its luster in the mobile device market."
"UPDATE 1-Slowdown in Apple orders weighs on LG Display's Q1 profit " "SEOUL  April 22 LG Display Co Ltd  reported its smallest profit since it returned to the black in the second quarter of last year  as demand for iPhone and iPad screens from Apple weakened amid concerns the U.S. company is losing its lustre in the mobile device market."
"UPDATE 2-US trade panel says Apple did not violate Google patent " "WASHINGTON  April 22 Apple Inc scored a win on Monday when the U.S. International Trade Commission ruled that it did not violate a Google patent to make the popular iPhones."
"US trade panel says Apple did not violate Google patent " "WASHINGTON Apple Inc scored a win on Monday when the U.S. International Trade Commission ruled that it did not violate a Google patent to make the popular iPhones."
"US trade panel says Apple did not violate Google patent " "WASHINGTON  April 22 Apple Inc did not violate a Google patent to make iPhones  the U.S. International Trade Commission said on Monday."
"Apple revenue beats Wall Street view  doubles capital return " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 23 Apple Inc  reported better-than-expected second quarter revenue of $43.6 billion  reflecting strong sales of the iPad and iPhone."
"Apple unlocks more cash for investors as profit slides " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc on Tuesday bowed to investors' demands to share more of its $145 billion cash pile  while posting its first quarterly profit decline in more than a decade."
"BRIEF-Apple CEO acknowledged growth rate has slowed " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 23 Apple Inc :  * CEO says 'acknowledge that our growth rate has slowed and our margins have"
"BRIEF-Apple up 3.8 percent in extended trade after Q2 results " "NEW YORK  April 23 Apple Inc :  * Up 3.8 in extended trade after Q2 results"
"Broadcom eyes more smartphone chip sales " "SAN FRANCISCO Broadcom's  first-quarter results beat expectations and the chipmaker said much of its growth this year would come from selling more components to smartphone makers."
"Instant View: Apple results surpass Street targets  doubles cash return " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc  bowing to Wall Street's increasingly strident demands  announced a doubling in its cash-return program for shareholders as it reported better-than-expected quarterly results."
"UPDATE 3-Apple unlocks more cash for investors as profit slides " "* Apple to return $100 bln to investors     * To raise debt for the first time     * Quarterly revenue rises but profit declines     * CEO says growth has tempered     * Shares flat after rising 6 percent      By Poornima Gupta     SAN FRANCISCO  April 23 Apple Inc on Tuesday bowed to investors' demands to share more of its $145 billion cash pile  while posting its first quarterly profit decline in more than a decade.     The new expanded capital plan includes issuing debt for the fi"
"UPDATE 3-Broadcom eyes more smartphone chip sales " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 23 Broadcom's  first-quarter results beat expectations and the chipmaker said much of its growth this year would come from selling more components to smartphone makers."
"U.S. trade panel says Apple did not violate Google patent " "WASHINGTON Apple Inc scored a win on Monday when the U.S. International Trade Commission ruled that it did not violate a Google patent to make the popular iPhones."
"Amazon to sell set-top box to challenge Apple TV: report " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc will release a set-top TV box later this year that will stream video over the Internet  challenging Apple Inc's Apple TV device and a similar gadget sold by start-up Roku  BloombergBusinessweek reported on Wednesday."
"Amazon to sell set-top box to challenge Apple TV: report " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc will release a set-top TV box later this year that will stream video over the Internet  challenging Apple Inc's Apple TV device and a similar gadget sold by start-up Roku  BloombergBusinessweek reported on Wednesday."
"Amazon to sell set-top box to challenge Apple TV-report " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 24 Amazon.com Inc  will release a set-top TV box later this year that will stream video over the Internet  challenging Apple Inc's Apple TV device and a similar gadget sold by start-up Roku  BloombergBusinessweek reported on Wednesday."
"Apple debt issuance would dwarf that of tech rivals " "NEW YORK  April 24 (IFR) - Apple Inc could go from being the only major technology company with no debt on its books to one that issues as many bonds as a major global bank  as it seeks to fund its $100 billion capital reward for shareholders unveiled on Tuesday."
"Apple's cash plan takes heat off Cook  buys him time " "Tim Cook wants investors to ""think different"" about Apple: less as a hyper-growth startup-like company and more as a mature but robust technology corporation with the world's biggest dividend. | Video "
"Apple shares fall as buyback  dividend hike fail to please " "Shares of Apple Inc are set to open down 3 percent on Wednesday as the company's plan to return $100 billion in capital failed to appease shareholders shaken by the iPhone maker's first quarterly drop in profit in a decade."
"Apple  the Fed and the financial fallacy " "Apple's emphasis on share buybacks is a strikingly similar error to the Federal Reserve's dedication to buying U.S. Treasuries."
"SAFT ON WEALTH-Apple  the Fed and the financial fallacy " "April 24 Apple's emphasis on share buybacks is a strikingly similar error to the Federal Reserve's dedication to buying U.S. Treasuries."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon to sell set-top box to challenge Apple TV-report " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 24 Amazon.com Inc  will release a set-top TV box later this year that will stream video over the Internet  challenging Apple Inc's Apple TV device and a similar gadget sold by start-up Roku  BloombergBusinessweek reported on Wednesday."
"UPDATE 2-Apple's cash plan takes heat off Cook  buys him time " "April 24 Tim Cook wants investors to ""think different"" about Apple: less as a hyper-growth startup-like company and more as a mature but robust technology corporation with the world's biggest dividend."
"Column: Apple's new pitch to investors " "(Felix Salmon is a Reuters columnist but his opinions are his own. )"
"Apple lays groundwork for first debt sale ever " "LONDON  April 29 - Apple took initial steps Monday for what would be its first debt sale ever  as the U.S. computer giant lays the groundwork for what would be one of the most anticipated bond sales of the year."
"Apple mandates banks for debt investor meetings -source " "LONDON  April 29 (IFR) - Apple Inc  rated Aa1/AA+  has mandated Deutsche Bank and Goldman Sachs to organise a series of meetings with bond investors which could result in a capital markets transaction  a source familiar with the matter said on Monday."
"Google Now comes to iPhone  challenging Apple's Siri " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 29 Google Inc is bringing its Google Now technology to the iPhone  where it will compete head-on with Apple Inc's Siri to serve as the primary service that smartphone users rely on to get everything from weather updates to traffic forecasts."
"Google Now comes to iPhone  challenging Apple's Siri " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc is bringing its Google Now technology to the iPhone  where it will compete head-on with Apple Inc's Siri to serve as the primary service that smartphone users rely on to get everything from weather updates to traffic forecasts. | Video "
"UPDATE 2-Apple lays groundwork for first debt sale ever " "LONDON  April 29 (IFR) - Apple took initial steps Monday for what would be its first debt sale ever  as the US computer giant lays the groundwork for what would be one of the most anticipated bond sales of the year."
"US STOCKS-Wall Street up  S&P nears record on Italy  data " "NEW YORK  April 29 U.S. stocks climbed on Monday as Italy formed a government  relieving a two-month political stalemate and boosting investors' appetite for risky assets  while better-than-expected housing data boosted market optimism."
"Apple bond order book now in excess of $40 bln - market source " "NEW YORK  April 30 (IFR) - Apple Inc has already attracted an order book of more than $40 billion for its six-part debt sale expected to price later on Tuesday  according to a market source."
"Apple bond order book tops $50 billion: market sources " "NEW YORK  April 30 (IFR) - Apple Inc has attracted more than $50 billion in orders for its six-part debt sale expected to price later on Tuesday  according to two market sources."
"Apple bond order book tops $50 bln - market sources " "NEW YORK  April 30 (IFR) - Apple Inc has attracted more than $50 billion in orders for its  six-part debt sale expected to price later on Tuesday  according to two market sources."
"Apple launches biggest-ever non-bank bond deal at $17 bln " "NEW YORK  April 30 (IFR) - Apple Inc on Tuesday launched the biggest-ever non-bank bond issue at $17 billion  as it gears up to fund a $100 billion capital program for shareholders."
"Apple wows market with record $17 billion bond deal " "NEW YORK/LONDON  April 30 (IFR) - Apple Inc wowed the debt markets on Tuesday with the largest non-bank bond deal in history  pricing a whopping $17 billion as the U.S. computer giant switches strategy to placate restless shareholders."
"CORRECTED-UPDATE 7-Apple wows market with record $17bn bond deal " "NEW YORK/LONDON  April 30 (IFR) - Apple Inc wowed the debt markets on Tuesday with the largest non-bank bond deal in history  offering a whopping $17 billion for sale as the U.S. computer giant switches strategy to placate restless shareholders."
"GLOBAL MARKETS-US dollar dips before Fed; S&P 500 hits highs as Apple gains " "* S&P 500 index hits record intraday  closing highs     * Fall in euro zone inflation adds to ECB rate cut case     * Apple announces largest non-bank bond deal in history  shares rise       By Caroline Valetkevitch     NEW YORK  April 30 The U.S. dollar hit a two-month low on Tuesday amid expectations the Federal Reserve will stick to its easy monetary policy  while the S&P 500 set record highs as shares of Apple rose.     The S&P 500 index hit a record intraday high just before the"
"TREASURIES-Bonds erase gains amid positioning for Apple debt sale " "NEW YORK  April 30 U.S. Treasuries prices erased gains that had sent yields to their lowest level since mid-December on Tuesday as investors made room for a six-part debt sale by Apple Inc."
"TREASURIES-Bonds erase gains as Apple readies bond sale " "* Bonds erase gains as traders make room for Apple debt offering     * Earlier  intra-day yield hits lowest level since mid-December     * Fed expected to keep buying bonds  ECB expected to cut rates      By Ellen Freilich     NEW YORK  April 30 U.S. Treasuries erased early gains on Tuesday in the face of a giant debt sale by Apple Inc  leaving Treasuries prices little changed on the day.     Earlier  the benchmark 10-year Treasury yield dipped to its lowest level since mid-December "
"UPDATE 8-Apple wows market with record $17bn bond deal " "NEW YORK/LONDON  April 30 (IFR) - Apple Inc wowed the debt markets on Tuesday with the largest non-bank bond deal in history  pricing a whopping $17 billion as the U.S. computer giant switches strategy to placate restless shareholders."
"Column: Rwanda  iBonds and the madness of the bond market " "In the past week we've had two object lessons in the madness of the bond market: Rwanda and Apple."
"Fidelity Contrafund manager worries over Apple's competition " "BOSTON  May 1 Fidelity Contrafund manager Will Danoff  the biggest active shareholder in Apple Inc  cut his stake in the iPhone maker by 12 percent in the first quarter and cited ""heightened concern"" about increasing competition."
"Fidelity Contrafund's Danoff frets over Apple rivals " "BOSTON Fidelity Contrafund manager Will Danoff  the biggest active shareholder in Apple Inc  cut his stake in the iPhone maker 12 percent in the first quarter and cited ""heightened concern"" about increasing competition."
"iPads and low-end rivals propel higher tablet shipments: report " "SAN FRANCISCO Global tablet shipments more than doubled in the first quarter and while Apple remained the top seller  Asian manufacturers making low-end gadgets accounted for a major chunk of the growth  according to a report."
"iPads and low-end rivals propel higher tablet shipments-report " "SAN FRANCISCO  May 1 Global tablet shipments more than doubled in the first quarter and while Apple  remained the top seller  Asian manufacturers making low-end gadgets accounted for a major chunk of the growth  according to a report."
"Pentagon may soon clear use of Apple  Samsung  BlackBerry devices " "WASHINGTON The Pentagon is expected to clear Apple  Samsung and BlackBerry mobile devices for use on Defense Department networks in the next few weeks  part of an effort to ensure the military has access to the latest communications technology  a spokesman said on Wednesday."
"SAFT ON WEALTH: Rwanda  iBonds and the madness of the bond market " "May 1 In the past week we've had two object lessons in the madness of the bond market: Rwanda and Apple."
"UPDATE 2-Fidelity Contrafund's Danoff frets over Apple rivals " "BOSTON  May 1 Fidelity Contrafund manager Will Danoff  the biggest active shareholder in Apple Inc  cut his stake in the iPhone maker 12 percent in the first quarter and cited ""heightened concern"" about increasing competition."
"Zagg slashes sales forecast as Apple delays new products " "Zagg Inc   which makes scratch guards for mobile and tablet devices  slashed its full-year sales forecast  citing delays in product launches by Apple Inc ."
"UPDATE 2-Laird revenue slips as demand from ""largest customer"" drops " "* Performance materials business revenue falls marginally to 73 mln stg"
"EU regulator takes aim at Google over Apple mobile patent lawsuit " "BRUSSELS  May 6 The European Commission said it believed Motorola Mobility  a unit of Google  was abusing its market position by seeking and enforcing an injunction against Apple in Germany over patents essential to mobile phone standards."
"EU regulator takes aim at Google over Apple mobile patent lawsuit " "BRUSSELS The European Commission said it believed Motorola Mobility  a unit of Google  was abusing its market position by seeking and enforcing an injunction against Apple in Germany over patents essential to mobile phone standards."
"US STOCKS-Wall St extends rally; financials  Apple lead " "* Indexes: Dow up 0.04 pct  S&P up 0.3 pct  Nasdaq up 0.4 pct"
"CORRECTED-UPDATE 1-Greenlight Re's Einhorn says he added to Apple position " "(Corrects 3rd paragraph to say Greenlight had 1.3 mln Apple shares in fourth  not first  quarter)"
"Einhorn adds to Apple stake  awaits ""blockbuster product"" " "NEW YORK David Einhorn's Greenlight Capital has added to its investment position in Apple Inc  and is waiting for the company's ""next blockbuster product "" Einhorn said on Tuesday."
"Greenlight Re's Einhorn says he added to Apple position - call " "NEW YORK  May 7 David Einhorn  hedge fund manager and chairman of reinsurer Greenlight Capital Re Ltd.  said on Tuesday he had added to the firm's investment position in Apple Inc."
"UPDATE 2-Einhorn adds to Apple stake  awaits ""blockbuster product"" " "NEW YORK  May 7 David Einhorn's Greenlight Capital has added to its investment position in Apple Inc  and is waiting for the company's ""next blockbuster product "" Einhorn said on Tuesday."
"Einhorn adds to Apple stake  awaits ""blockbuster product"" " "NEW YORK David Einhorn's Greenlight Capital has added to its investment position in Apple and is waiting for the company's ""next blockbuster product "" Einhorn said on Tuesday."
"Apple supplier Pegatron boosts China workforce by 40 pct in H2 " "TAIPEI  May 9 Pegatron Corp  an assembler of Apple Inc's iPhone and iPad  said it would increase its number of workers in China by up to 40 percent in the second half of the year  fuelling market speculation of a new cheaper iPhone."
"Apple supplier Pegatron boosts China workforce by 40 percent in second quarter " "TAIPEI Pegatron Corp  an assembler of Apple Inc's iPhone and iPad  said it would increase its number of workers in China by up to 40 percent in the second half of the year  fuelling market speculation of a new cheaper iPhone."
"UPDATE 1-Facebook in talks to buy Israel's Waze for up to $1 bln-report " "TEL AVIV  May 9 Facebook Inc is in advanced talks to acquire Israeli mobile satellite navigation start-up Waze for $800 million to $1 billion  business daily Calcalist reported on Thursday."
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall St mostly slips in late trading; Apple down " "NEW YORK  May 9 U.S. stocks turned lower in late afternoon trading on Thursday  a day after the S&P 500 posted its fifth record high close  with financials among sectors leading declines and Apple shares falling."
"Apple supplier Sharp to boost Samsung business in bid to stay viable " "TOKYO  May 11 Sharp Corp  Japan's leading maker of liquid crystal displays  will rely on expanding supplies of small panels to Samsung Electronics Co  while still shipping screens to rival Apple Inc  in a bid to raise factory output levels and remain viable  three sources said."
"Apple supplier Sharp to boost Samsung business in bid to stay viable " "TOKYO Sharp Corp  Japan's leading maker of liquid crystal displays  will rely on expanding supplies of small panels to Samsung Electronics Co while still shipping screens to rival Apple Inc  in a bid to raise factory output levels and remain viable  three sources said."
"Hon Hai's Apple pie under threat from Pegatron " "TAIPEI Hon Hai Precision Industry Co Ltd   the world's largest electronics contract manufacturer  faces growing competition from cross-town rival Pegatron Corp   a company that is just a quarter of its size by revenue."
"Hon Hai's Apple pie under threat from Pegatron " "TAIPEI  May 13 Hon Hai Precision Industry Co Ltd   the world's largest electronics contract manufacturer  faces growing competition from cross-town rival Pegatron Corp  a company that is just a quarter of its size by revenue."
"Hon Hai's Apple pie under threat from Pegatron " "TAIPEI Hon Hai Precision Industry Co Ltd   the world's largest electronics contract manufacturer  faces growing competition from cross-town rival Pegatron Corp   a company that is just a quarter of its size by revenue. | Video "
"Sharp to seek Samsung edge for survival as Apple sales lose steam " "* Sharp to unveil 3-year revival plan on Tuesday  0600 GMT"
"Nokia's market share slumps in first quarter: Gartner " "LONDON Nokia  battling to keep up with Samsung and Apple in the global phone race  lost almost 5 percentage points of market share in the first quarter  research company Gartner said on Tuesday."
"UPDATE 1-Hon Hai may face pressure amid wait for new Apple products " "* Dearth of new Apple products seen hurting Taiwan suppliers"
"UPDATE 2-Sharp to tap Samsung  banks for survival after $5.4 bln loss " "* Sharp to boost supply business to Samsung as Apple growth slows"
"Apple tells U.S. of tough talks  not collusion  with publishers " "WASHINGTON Apple Inc responded to Justice Department accusations it conspired with publishers to push up electronic book prices  saying it negotiated with a number of publishing companies separately and crafted different agreements with each."
"CORRECTED-More top hedge funds dropped Apple shares in first quarter " "(In paragraph 3  corrects the number of shares sold by Tiger Global)"
"Hedge funds shop at Supervalu  sour on Apple " "NEW YORK Barry Rosenstein's JANA Partners liked grocery chain Supervalu Inc in a big way in the first quarter  while Philippe Laffont's Coatue Management lost its stomach for the company's shares."
"Hedge funds shop at Supervalu  sour on Apple " "NEW YORK Barry Rosenstein's JANA Partners liked grocery chain Supervalu Inc in a big way in the first quarter  while Philippe Laffont's Coatue Management lost its stomach for the company's shares."
"UPDATE 1-DoubleLine's Gundlach says Nikkei will hit 17 000 in '13 " "NEW YORK  May 15 Star bond investor and head of DoubleLine Capital LP Jeffrey Gundlach said on Wednesday that Japan's Nikkei stock market index will hit 17 000 before year-end  and that $380 is the ""perfect price"" at which to short Chipotle."
"UPDATE 2-Hedge funds shop at Supervalu  sour on Apple " "NEW YORK  May 15 Barry Rosenstein's JANA Partners liked grocery chain Supervalu Inc in a big way in the first quarter  while Philippe Laffont's Coatue Management lost its stomach for the company's shares."
"UPDATE 2-More top hedge funds dropped Apple shares in 1st quarter " "May 15 One-time hedge fund darling Apple Inc  was dropped by  more well-known fund managers in the first quarter  including John Griffin and Chase Coleman."
"A stretched Samsung chases rival Apple's suppliers " "SEOUL  May 17 Overtaking Apple Inc as the world's leading maker of smartphones has stretched Samsung Electronics Co's in-house supply lines  and the South Korean firm is now courting some of its rival's main parts suppliers."
"RPT-PROFILE-Bond guru Gundlach of DoubleLine goes prime time " "NEW YORK  May 16 Bond investor and co-founder of DoubleLine Capital LP  Jeffrey Gundlach fancies himself as more than just a fixed-income guru  making successful predictions on everything from shares in Apple Inc. to Japan's Nikkei stock market index to natural gas and gold."
"Apple's Cook to propose tax changes at congressional hearing: report " "Apple Inc CEO Tim Cook will propose tax changes that would encourage firms to bring home more of their offshore funds when he faces congressional queries next Tuesday over his company's overseas cash holdings and tax bills  the Washington Post reported."
"Apple's Cook to propose tax changes at congressional hearing -report " "May 16 Apple Inc CEO Tim Cook will propose tax changes that would encourage firms to bring home more of their offshore funds when he faces congressional queries next Tuesday over his company's overseas cash holdings and tax bills  the Washington Post reported."
"A stretched Samsung chases rival Apple's suppliers " "SEOUL Overtaking Apple Inc as the world's leading maker of smartphones has stretched Samsung Electronics Co's in-house supply lines  and the South Korean firm is now courting some of its rival's main parts suppliers."
"Foxconn says needs more time to further cut workers' overtime " "TAIPEI Foxconn Technology Group said on Friday it needs more time to reduce overtime at its China factories after labor monitors appointed by top client Apple Inc said cutting workers' hours by a July 1 target would be a challenge."
"Foxconn says needs more time to further cut workers' overtime " "TAIPEI  May 17 Foxconn Technology Group said on Friday it needs more time to reduce overtime at its China factories after labour monitors appointed by top client Apple Inc said cutting workers' hours by a July 1 target would be a challenge."
"Apple  Congress spar over taxes ahead of Tuesday hearing " "WASHINGTON/SAN FRANCISCO Using an unusual global tax structure  Apple Inc  has kept billions of dollars in profits in Irish subsidiaries to pay little or no taxes to any government  a Senate report on the company's offshore tax structure said on Monday."
"Apple's stateless subsidiaries lower tax bills- Senate report " "WASHINGTON  May 20 Using an unusual global tax structure  Apple Inc has held billions of dollars in profits in Irish subsidiaries to pay little or no taxes to any government  a U.S. Senate report on the company's offshore tax structure concluded on Monday."
"Apple to argue for tax reform  defend tax practices on Tuesday " "SAN FRANCISCO  May 20 Apple Inc will argue for comprehensive corporate tax reform when it goes before a Senate subcommittee on Tuesday  becoming the latest technology company to face questions over its offshore tax practices."
"UPDATE 1-Apple to argue for tax reform  defend tax practices on Tuesday " "SAN FRANCISCO  May 20 Apple Inc will argue for a comprehensive corporate tax reform that will levy a ""reasonable tax"" on foreign earnings and  is not dependent on a company's revenue when it goes before a Senate panel on Tuesday to explain its offshore tax practices."
"WRAPUP 1-Apple  Congress spar over taxes ahead of Tuesday hearing " "WASHINGTON/SAN FRANCISCO  May 20 Using an unusual global tax structure  Apple Inc has kept billions of dollars in profits in Irish subsidiaries to pay little or no taxes to any government  a U.S. Senate report on the company's offshore tax structure said on Monday."
"Apple CEO makes no apology for company's tax strategy " "WASHINGTON Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook made no apology on Tuesday for the iPad maker saving billions of dollars in U.S. taxes through Irish subsidiaries and told lawmakers that his company backs corporate tax reform  even though it may end up paying more. | Video "
"Ireland rejects blame for Apple's low tax rate " "CORK/DUBLIN Ireland said on Tuesday it was not to blame for Apple Inc's low global tax payments and had no special rate deal with the company after the U.S. Senate said it paid little or no tax on tens of billions of dollars in profits stashed in Irish subsidiaries. | Video "
"Irish PM says U.S. Senate's Apple tax claims incorrect " "DUBLIN Ireland does not cut special tax deals with foreign companies and a U.S. Senate report saying it did so for Apple Inc is incorrect  Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny said on Tuesday."
"Irish PM says U.S. Senate's Apple tax claims incorrect " "DUBLIN  May 21 Ireland does not cut special tax deals with foreign companies and a U.S. Senate report saying it did so for Apple Inc is incorrect  Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny said on Tuesday."
"PRESS DIGEST - Financial Times - May 22 " "Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook defended the technology company's tax practices  saying Apple did not depend on ""tax gimmicks"" as U.S. senators grilled him over charges that the company avoided billions of dollars in taxes on international profits."
"The Irish loophole behind Apple's low tax bill " "LONDON Apple's ability to shelter billions of dollars of income from tax has hinged on an unusual loophole in the Irish tax code that helps the country compete with other countries for investment and jobs."
"The Irish loophole behind Apple's low tax bill " "LONDON  May 21 Apple's ability to shelter billions of dollars of income from tax has hinged on an unusual loophole in the Irish tax code that helps the country compete with other countries for investment and jobs."
"UPDATE 2-The Irish loophole behind Apple's low tax bill " "LONDON  May 21 Apple's ability to shelter billions of dollars of income from tax has hinged on an unusual loophole in the Irish tax code that helps the country compete with other countries for investment and jobs."
"UPDATE 8-Ireland rejects blame for Apple's low tax rate " "* U.S. Senate subcommittee says Apple paid no tax on $29.9 bln dividends"
"U.S. Senate panel hammers Apple over offshore tax strategies " "WASHINGTON  May 21 Apple Inc came under fire on Tuesday at a Senate hearing over an investigation that alleged the U.S. high technology icon has kept billions of dollars in profits in Irish subsidiaries and paid little or no taxes to any government."
"Apple CEO makes no apology for company's tax strategy " "WASHINGTON Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook made no apology on Tuesday for the iPad maker saving billions of dollars in U.S. taxes through Irish subsidiaries and told lawmakers that his company backs corporate tax reform  even though it may end up paying more. | Video "
"Apple  former Washington wallflower  now at center of tax fight " "WASHINGTON For years  Apple Inc kept a low profile in Washington as it grew into one of the most valuable companies in the world. Now the iPad maker has taken the lead  perhaps inadvertently  on a top priority for U.S. business: simplifying America's tax code."
"Ireland feels the heat from Apple tax row " "DUBLIN Ireland called on Wednesday for an international clampdown on multinationals shifting profits around the world to avoid tax  after criticism that Irish loopholes helped technology giant Apple to shrink its tax bill."
"Ireland rejects blame for Apple's low tax rate " "CORK/DUBLIN Ireland said on Tuesday it was not to blame for Apple Inc's low global tax payments and had no special rate deal with the company after the U.S. Senate said it paid little or no tax on tens of billions of dollars in profits stashed in Irish subsidiaries. | Video "
"Ireland says will not be U.S. 'whipping boy' on tax " "DUBLIN Ireland's finance minister said the country would not be the ""whipping boy"" for what he called a flawed U.S. Senate report that said Irish loopholes helped technology giant Apple shrink its tax bill."
"PRESS DIGEST - Ireland - May 22 " "These are some of the leading stories in Ireland's newspapers on Wednesday. Reuters has not verified these stories and cannot vouch for their accuracy:"
"UPDATE 2-Ireland says will not be U.S. ""whipping boy"" on tax " "* Irish government calls Senate report ""wrong and misleading"""
"UPDATE 3-The Irish loophole behind Apple's low tax bill " "LONDON  May 21 Apple's ability to shelter billions of dollars of income from tax has depended on an unusual loophole in the Irish tax code that helps the country compete with other countries for investment and jobs."
"Apple enjoyed Irish tax holiday from the start " "SAN FRANCISCO/DUBLIN Apple has operated almost tax-free in Ireland since 1980  welcomed by a government keen to bring jobs to what was then one of Europe's poorest countries  former company executives and Irish officials have said."
"Apple supplier Cirrus slumps as pricing pressure grows " "SAN FRANCISCO Shares of Apple  supplier Cirrus Logic  slumped 18 percent on Thursday after the chipmaker said in a filing it faces growing pricing pressure in the smartphone market."
"RPT-Apple enjoyed Irish tax holiday from the start " "SAN FRANCISCO/DUBLIN  May 23 Apple has operated almost tax-free in Ireland since 1980  welcomed by a government keen to bring jobs to what was then one of Europe's poorest countries  former company executives and Irish officials have said."
"UPDATE 1-Judge says leaning toward U.S. in Apple e-books case " "NEW YORK  May 23 In an unusual move before a trial  a federal judge expressed a tentative view that the U.S. Justice Department will be able to show evidence that Apple Inc  engaged in a conspiracy with publishers to increase e-book prices."
"CORRECTED-The new tech palaces: visionary HQs  or cursed trophies? " "(Corrects time element to last week from this week in paragraphs 2 and 8)"
"EU quizzes telcos on Apple sales tactics against rivals " "BRUSSELS EU antitrust regulators are seeking information whether Apple's iPhone distribution deals with mobile telecoms operators may be aimed at shutting out rival smartphones makers  in a move which could lead to a formal investigation into Apple."
"Europe investigates Apple's iPhone tactics - FT " "May 27 The European Commission is investigating whether Apple Inc is using anti-competitive iPhone sales tactics and technical restrictions to squeeze out rival smartphone makers from the European market  according to documents seen by the Financial Times."
"Ireland readies diplomatic corps to rebuff tax haven claims " "* Ireland likely to write to U.S. Senate committee this week"
"The new tech palaces: visionary HQs  or cursed trophies? " "SEATTLE/SAN FRANCISCO While much of corporate America is retrenching on the real estate front  the four most influential technology companies in America are each planning headquarters that could win a Pritzker Architecture Prize for hubris. | Video "
"COLUMN- A taxation conundrum " "(John Lloyd is a Reuters columnist but his opinions are his own.)"
"Hon Hai  Mozilla to launch mobile device running on Firefox " "TAIPEI  May 28 Taiwan's Hon Hai Precision Industry Co Ltd will team up with Mozilla and launch a mobile device that runs on the U.S. company's Firefox operating system  a Mozilla spokeswoman said  as Hon Hai looks to diversify its client base away from Apple."
"Hon Hai  Mozilla to launch mobile device running on Firefox " "TAIPEI Taiwan's Hon Hai Precision Industry Co Ltd will team up with Mozilla and launch a mobile device that runs on the U.S. company's Firefox operating system  a Mozilla spokeswoman said  as Hon Hai looks to diversify its client base away from Apple."
"RPT-The new tech palaces: visionary HQs  or cursed trophies? " "SEATTLE/SAN FRANCISCO  May 28 While much of corporate America is retrenching on the real estate front  the four most influential technology companies in America are each planning headquarters that could win a Pritzker Architecture Prize for hubris."
"Apple CEO sees more 'gamechangers'; hints at wearable devices " "RANCHOS PALOS VERDES  Calif./SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook defended the company's record of innovation under his stewardship  saying he expected it would release ""several more game changers"" and hinting that wearable computers could be among them."
"Avago forecasts strong third quarter revenue on smartphone demand " "Chipmaker Avago Technologies Ltd   which counts Apple Inc  among its customers  forecast current-quarter revenue largely above expectations  citing revival of demand from a large smartphone customer."
"Panel to review split ruling in Apple  Samsung patent fight " "WASHINGTON A trade panel that specializes in patent cases will reconsider a split decision made by one of its judges in a long-running patent battle between Samsung Electronics Co Ltd and Apple Inc."
"REFILE-Apple CEO sees more 'gamechangers'; hints at wearable devices " "RANCHOS PALOS VERDES  Calif.  May 28 Apple Inc  Chief Executive Tim Cook said on Tuesday he expects the iPhone and iPad maker would be responsible for ""several more gamechangers"" and that wearable computers could be the next big thing."
"UPDATE 1-Apple CEO sees more 'gamechangers'; hints at wearable devices " "* Cook says wearable computers an area ripe for exploration"
"Apple joins other foreign brands in raising prices in Japan " "TOKYO Apple Inc raised prices of iPads and iPods in Japan on Friday  becoming the highest-profile brand to join a growing list of foreign firms asking Japanese consumers to pay more as a weakening yen squeezes profit."
"Ireland rejects U.S. senator claims as tax spat rumbles on " "DUBLIN Ireland has rejected claims by two U.S. senators that Ireland is a tax haven and had handed Apple Inc a special tax deal  a charge the pair stood by on Friday."
"Trade panel delays decision in Apple-Samsung fight " "WASHINGTON The U.S. International Trade Commission  which hears many patent fights  on Friday extended its deadline for ruling on whether Apple Inc infringes patents owned by Samsung Electronics Co Ltd in making the iPod Touch  iPhone and iPad."
"UPDATE 1-Ireland rejects U.S. senator claims as tax spat rumbles on " "* Ambassador's letter insists Ireland does not do tax deals"
"UPDATE 2-Apple joins other foreign brands in raising prices in Japan " "TOKYO  May 31 Apple Inc raised prices of iPads and iPods in Japan on Friday  becoming the highest-profile brand to join a growing list of foreign firms asking Japanese consumers to pay more as a weakening yen squeezes profit."
"U.S. trade panel delays decision in Apple-Samsung fight " "WASHINGTON  May 31 The U.S. International Trade Commission  which hears many patent fights  on Friday extended its deadline for ruling on whether Apple Inc infringes patents owned by Samsung Electronics Co Ltd in making the iPod Touch  iPhone and iPad."
"U.S. takes Apple to trial over e-books price-fixing " "NEW YORK  June 2 Apple Inc goes to trial Monday over allegations by federal and state authorities that it conspired with publishers to raise the price of e-books."
"Apple signs deal with Warner for streaming music: reports " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc has signed an agreement with Warner Music Group for music licenses in a push to create a streaming music service to unveil at a conference of its developers next week  the New York Times and Wall Street Journal reported on Monday  citing anonymous sources. | Video "
"EMC raises USD5.5bn in bond market debut " "June 3 (IFR) - EMC Corp turned to the bond markets to raise money for the first time on Monday  selling US$5.5 billion in debt to help fund an expanded share buyback program."
"Fidelity Contrafund cut Apple stake by 9 percent in April " "BOSTON Fidelity Investments' Contrafund  the largest active shareholder in Apple Inc  cut its stake in the iPad and iPhone maker by a further 9 percent in April after expressing concern about heightened competition from rivals. | Video "
"In e-books trial  U.S. says Apple conspired with publishers " "NEW YORK Apple Inc conspired with publishers to raise the price of e-books in a scheme costing consumers ""hundreds of millions of dollars "" a U.S. government lawyer said on Monday. | Video "
"In e-books trial  U.S. says Apple conspired with publishers " "NEW YORK  June 3 Apple Inc conspired with publishers to raise the price of e-books in a scheme costing consumers ""hundreds of millions of dollars "" a U.S. government lawyer said Monday."
"New apps give users a world of languages in their pocket " "TORONTO New apps are aiming to make traveling in a foreign country easier by putting translation tools in tourists' pockets  makers of the devices said on Monday."
"Puma ups prices in Japan as weak yen hits profit " "FRANKFURT  June 3 German sportswear maker Puma  said it was increasing prices in Japan  one of its biggest markets  joining other brands such as Apple Inc  in trying to offset the effects of a weakening yen on profits."
"REFILE-Apple signs deal with Warner for streaming music -reports " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 3 Apple Inc has signed an agreement with Warner Music Group for music licenses in a push to create a streaming music service to unveil at a conference of its developers next week  the New York Times and Wall Street Journal reported on Monday  citing anonymous sources."
"Samsung unveils first Android tablet using Intel chip " "SEOUL Samsung Electronics Co said on Monday it will use Intel Corp processors to power a new version of one of its top-tier Android tablets  a major victory for the U.S. chipmaker  which is struggling to find its footing in the mobile market."
"UPDATE 1-In e-books trial  US says Apple conspired with publishers " "NEW YORK  June 3 Apple Inc conspired with publishers to raise the price of e-books in a scheme costing consumers ""hundreds of millions of dollars "" a U.S. government lawyer said on Monday."
"Penguin CEO takes stand in Apple e-books antitrust case " "NEW YORK  June 4 The chief executive of U.S. publisher Penguin testified Tuesday that a provision in its e-books contract with Apple Inc played a role in a decision to change its contracts with other retailers  such as Amazon.com Inc."
"UPDATE 2-U.S. agency: Apple infringes Samsung patent on older iPhones  iPads " "WASHINGTON  June 4 Samsung Electronics  scored a point on Tuesday over global rival Apple Inc in their long-running battle over mobile device patents."
"US ITC says Apple infringes Samsung patent  bans some products " "WASHINGTON  June 4 Apple infringed upon a patent owned by South Korea's Samsung Electronics  in making some iPhone and iPad models  the U.S. International Trade Commission said in a final decision issued on Tuesday."
"Apple to begin iPhone trade-ins this month - report " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc will start a program this month to allow users to trade their older iPhones for the newest model  Bloomberg cited people familiar with the plan as saying  a first for the company as it prepares to introduce a new version of the smartphone."
"Apple to begin iPhone trade-ins this month - report " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 6 Apple Inc will start a program this month to allow users to trade their older iPhones for the newest model  Bloomberg cited people familiar with the plan as saying  a first for the company as it prepares to introduce a new version of the smartphone."
"Apple to sell audio ads on 'iRadio' music service: sources " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc is gearing up to sell audio ads on a music-streaming service it intends to unveil at its developers conference next week  according to people familiar with the plan  going up against Google Inc and Pandora Media Inc in the increasingly competitive market for mobile tunes."
"Apple to sell audio ads on ""iRadio"" music service -sources " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 5 Apple Inc is gearing up to sell audio ads on a music-streaming service it intends to unveil at its developers conference next week  according to people familiar with the plan  going up against Google Inc and Pandora Media Inc in the increasingly competitive market for mobile tunes."
"Publishers gave Amazon ""ultimatum"" over e-book pricing - executive " "NEW YORK  June 5 Publishers gave Amazon.com an ""ultimatum"" to let them set prices of e-books sold on its website after they reached deals in 2010 to sell through Apple Inc as well  a top executive at the retailer testified on Wednesday."
"Publishers gave Amazon ""ultimatum"" over e-book pricing: executive " "NEW YORK Publishers gave Amazon.com an ""ultimatum"" to let them set prices of e-books sold on its website after they reached deals in 2010 to sell through Apple Inc as well  a top executive at the retailer testified on Wednesday."
"Internet giants deny granting government 'direct access' to servers " "SAN FRANCISCO Major tech companies including Apple Inc  Google and Facebook Inc on Thursday said they do not provide any government agency with ""direct access"" to their servers  contradicting a Washington Post report that they have granted such access under a classified data collection program."
"UPDATE 1-Internet giants deny granting government 'direct access' to servers " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 6 Major tech companies including Apple Inc  Google and Facebook Inc  on Thursday said they do not provide any government agency with ""direct access"" to their servers  contradicting a Washington Post report that they have granted such access under a classified data collection program."
"UPDATE 1-Samsung Elec loses $12 bln market value on smartphone worries " " "
"Apple unveils music streaming service  revamps iOS " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc unveiled a music streaming service called iTunes Radio and new mobile software on Monday  in the biggest re-design of its operating system since the original iPhone was introduced in 2007. | Video "
"The desktop gets a makeover  courtesy of Apple " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc  known for its bold experiments with computer design  has come up with a radically re-imagined Mac Pro that departs from the venerable  boxy design of the typical desktop personal computer tower."
"The desktop gets a makeover  courtesy of Apple " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 10 Apple Inc  known for its bold experiments with computer design  has come up with a radically re-imagined Mac Pro that departs from the venerable  boxy design of the typical desktop personal computer tower."
"UPDATE 1-Apple's CEO Cook kicks off event  music service expected " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 10 Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook kicked off the company's annual confab for its developers on Monday  where the company is expected to unveil a new design and revamped features for its iOS mobile operating system along with a new streaming-music service."
"UPDATE 6-Apple unveils music streaming service  revamps iOS " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 10 Apple Inc  unveiled a music streaming service called iTunes Radio and new mobile software on Monday  in the biggest re-design of its operating system since the original iPhone was introduced in 2007."
"Apple unveils music streaming service  revamps iOS " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc unveiled a music streaming service called iTunes Radio and new mobile software on Monday  in the biggest redesign of its operating system since the original iPhone was introduced in 2007. | Video "
"New Apple mobile software will sport anti-theft feature " "SAN FRANCISCO Smartphone thieves are set to have a harder time after Apple Inc introduces an ""activation lock"" feature in its new mobile software  a move that comes amid pressure from authorities and consumers for companies to do more to stem a tide of smartphone theft."
"NORDIC STOCKS - Factors to watch on June 11 " "HELSINKI  June 11 The following stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Tuesday:"
"Apple looking at bigger iPhone screens  multiple colors - sources " "Apple Inc is exploring launching iPhones with bigger screens  as well as cheaper models in a range of colors  over the next year  said four people with knowledge of the matter  as it takes a cue from rival Samsung Electronics. | Video "
"Apple looking at bigger iPhone screens  multiple colours - sources " "* Apple considering iPhones with 4.7-inch  5.7-inch screens - sources"
"'Ringleader' says Apple did not raise e-books prices " "NEW YORK An Apple Inc executive at the center of an antitrust lawsuit by the U.S. government said on Thursday the company ""didn't care"" what price publishers set for e-books."
"'Ringleader' says Apple did not raise e-books prices " "NEW YORK  June 13 An Apple Inc  executive at the center of an antitrust lawsuit by the U.S. government said on Thursday the company ""didn't care"" what price publishers set for e-books."
"RPT-UPDATE 1-Apple looking at bigger iPhone screens  multiple colours - sources " "* Apple considering iPhones with 4.7-inch  5.7-inch screens - sources"
"UPDATE 1-Apple looking at bigger iPhone screens  multiple colours - sources " "* Apple considering iPhones with 4.7-inch  5.7-inch screens - sources"
"U.S. officials push cellphone makers to add theft deterrents " "NEW YORK  June 13 U.S. state and city officials are banding together to pressure cellphone makers to adopt technology  including a ""kill switch"" to disable stolen phones  that would deter rampant theft of the devices."
"U.S. officials push cellphone makers to add theft deterrents " "NEW YORK U.S. state and city officials are banding together to pressure cellphone makers to adopt technology  including a ""kill switch"" to disable stolen phones  that would deter rampant theft of the devices."
"Value investor Nygren bullish on Apple  still avoiding Dell " "CHICAGO  June 12 William Nygren  a top manager at Oakmark Funds  said on Wednesday he remains bullish on Apple Inc and Bank of America Corp  but is still avoiding Dell Inc in light of the company's plans to take the computer maker private."
"Value investor Nygren bullish on Apple  still avoiding Dell " "CHICAGO William Nygren  a top manager at Oakmark Funds  said on Wednesday he remains bullish on Apple Inc and Bank of America Corp  but is still avoiding Dell Inc in light of the company's plans to take the computer maker private."
"Batteries hold key to wearable device revolution " "SAN FRANCISCO Longer-lasting batteries are crucial for a new crop of wearable computers whose rise may upend Apple and Google's dominance of mobile devices  two of the field's pioneers say."
"Huawei launches world's slimmest smartphone " "LONDON China's Huawei unveiled its flagship smartphone  the Ascend P6  at its first standalone launch event on Tuesday  underlining its ambitions to compete with Apple and Samsung in the top tier of mobile technology."
"Huawei launches world's slimmest smartphone " "LONDON  June 18 China's Huawei unveiled its flagship smartphone  the Ascend P6  at its first standalone launch event on Tuesday  underlining its ambitions to compete with Apple and Samsung in the top tier of mobile technology."
"Nvidia to license graphics technology: CEO " "SAN FRANCISCO Nvidia Chief Executive Jen-Hsun Huang said he will license graphics technology to other companies  a new model for the chipmaker that could lead to new business with Apple  Samsung and other mobile device makers."
"REUTERS SUMMIT-Nvidia to license graphics technology -CEO " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 18 Nvidia Chief Executive Jen-Hsun Huang said he will license graphics technology to other companies  a new model for the chipmaker that could lead to new business with Apple  Samsung  and other mobile device makers."
"RPT-Huawei launches world's slimmest smartphone " "LONDON  June 18 China's Huawei unveiled its flagship smartphone  the Ascend P6  at its first standalone launch event on Tuesday  underlining its ambitions to compete with Apple and Samsung in the top tier of mobile technology."
"Imagination Technologies' profit dips on licensing slowdown " "LONDON Imagination Technologies  the British chip designer whose graphics technology is in smartphones from Apple and Samsung  reported lower full-year profits as licensing slows."
"Nvidia's stock jumps on license plan; Wall Street eyes Apple " "Shares of chipmaker Nvidia surged nearly 6 percent on Wednesday after the company said it plans to license its graphics technology  opening the door to new business with Apple  Samsung Electronics and other mobile device makers."
"Rolling Stones release back catalogue on iTunes " "LONDON  June 19 The Rolling Stones released a career-spanning digitally re-mastered back catalogue on Apple Inc's iTunes Store on Wednesday as part of their 50th anniversary celebrations."
"Rolling Stones release back catalogue on iTunes " "LONDON The Rolling Stones released a career-spanning digitally re-mastered back catalogue on Apple Inc's iTunes Store on Wednesday as part of their 50th anniversary celebrations."
"UPDATE 1-Imagination Technologies' profit dips on licensing slowdown " "* Says major customers will not desert Imagination ecosystem"
"Apple warns of ""chilling effect"" as antitrust trial ends " "* U.S. government lawyer says conspiracy caused e-book prices to rise 9 percent"
"Investors hit hard as Apple bonds tank " "June 20 (IFR) - Investors in Apple's record US$17bn bond deal have suffered some of the biggest losses in recent investment-grade new issues  with about US$760m wiped off the value of the US$8.8bn of longer-dated tranches they bought just weeks ago."
"Apple CEO's stock grant now subject to share performance " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc> Chief Executive Tim Cook's one-time stock award worth over $413 million as of Friday is now partly subject to the performance of the shares  a move that followed discussions with the company's largest shareholders."
"Apple CEO's stock grant now subject to share performance " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 21 Apple Inc O> Chief Executive Tim Cook's one-time stock award worth nearly $413 million is now partly subject to the performance of the shares in a move requested by the company's largest shareholders."
"Apple warns of ""chilling effect"" as antitrust trial ends " "NEW YORK Apple Inc  on trial for allegedly colluding to raise the price of e-books  said on Thursday an adverse ruling would have a ""chilling effect"" on how businesses investigate new markets."
"Tokyo court says Samsung infringed Apple 'bounce-back' patent " "TOKYO A Tokyo court ruled on Friday that Samsung Electronics Co Ltd had infringed rival Apple Inc's patent for a so-called bounce-back feature on earlier models of its popular smartphones."
"Tokyo court says Samsung infringed on Apple ""bounce-back"" patent " "TOKYO  June 21 A Tokyo court ruled on Friday that Samsung Electronics Co Ltd had infringed on rival Apple Inc's patent for a ""bounce-back"" feature on earlier models of its popular smartphones."
"UPDATE 1-Apple CEO's stock grant now subject to share performance " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 21 Apple Inc O> Chief Executive Tim Cook's one-time stock award worth over $413 million as of Friday is now partly subject to the performance of the shares  a move that followed discussions with the company's largest shareholders."
"UPDATE 1-Tokyo court says Samsung infringed Apple ""bounce-back"" patent " "TOKYO A Tokyo court ruled on Friday that Samsung Electronics Co Ltd had infringed rival Apple Inc's  patent for a so-called bounce-back feature on earlier models of its popular smartphones."
"Microsoft to bring Xbox and PC games to Apple  Android phones -report " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 24 Microsoft Corp  will offer its console and computer games for Apple Inc's  iPhone and other smartphone platforms this fiscal year  through a tie-up with Japanese smartphone game maker Klab Inc   the Nikkei said on Monday."
"Microsoft to bring Xbox and PC games to Apple  Android phones: report " "SAN FRANCISCO Microsoft Corp will offer its console and computer games for Apple Inc's iPhone and other smartphone platforms this fiscal year  through a tie-up with Japanese smartphone game maker Klab Inc  the Nikkei said on Monday."
"REFILE-RESEARCH ALERT-Apple: Jefferies cuts target price " "June 24 June 24 Apple :  * Jefferies cuts target price to $405 from $420; rating hold"
"Barnes & Noble retreats from tablet wars as Nook sales plummet " "Barnes & Noble Inc will stop manufacturing its own Nook tablets  marking the end of its expensive attempt to compete alone with deep-pocketed rivals Amazon.com Inc  Apple Inc and Google Inc in the tablet wars. | Video "
"BlackBerry launches service to manage Android  Apple devices " "* BlackBerry targets services as devices face competition"
"BlackBerry launches service to manage Android  Apple devices " "TORONTO BlackBerry launched a service on Tuesday allowing government agencies and corporate clients to secure and manage devices powered by Google Inc's Android platform and Apple Inc's iOS operating system. | Video "
"EXCLUSIVE-Samsung in talks to settle EU antitrust case -sources " "BRUSSELS  June 25 Samsung Electronics  is in early talks with the EU antitrust regulator to settle charges that it abused its market position by barring Apple from using an essential mobile phone patent  two people familiar with the matter said on Tuesday."
"Exclusive: Samsung in talks to settle EU antitrust case -sources " "BRUSSELS Samsung Electronics is in early talks with the EU regulator to settle charges that its use of injunctions against arch rival Apple breached antitrust rules  two people familiar with the matter said on Tuesday."
"Microsoft releases 'refined' Windows  revs up developers " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 26 Microsoft Corp  released a test version of its Windows 8.1 software on Wednesday  bringing back the 'start' button and adding a host of features it hopes will appeal to users  while spurring developers into writing more applications for it."
"UPDATE 1-Hon Hai eyes patents  e-commerce in diversification drive " "TAIPEI  June 26 Hon Hai Precision Industry Co Ltd  looking to reduce its reliance on making products for Apple Inc  said on Wednesday it would focus on developing new technologies  intellectual property rights and e-commerce."
"Samsung rolls out OLED TV with same hefty price tag as LG " "SEOUL  June 27 Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  slapped a $13 000 price tag on its first curved  super-thin OLED television to go on sale  the same price as rival LG Electronics Inc and one that underscores the high costs of the technology."
"UPDATE 2-Sharp to form LCD tie-up with China Electronics  license technology " "* Sharp  CEC to invest $2.9 billion into LCD joint venture"
"Apple applies to register 'iWatch' trademark in Japan " "TOKYO Apple Inc has applied for a trademark for ""iWatch"" in Japan  a patent official said on Monday  signaling the iPhone maker may be moving ahead with plans for a watch-like device as gadget makers turn their attention to wearable computers."
"Apple applies to register 'iWatch' trademark in Japan " "TOKYO  July 1 Apple Inc has applied for a trademark for ""iWatch"" in Japan  a patent official said on Monday  signalling the iPhone maker may be moving ahead with plans for a watch-like device as gadget makers turn their attention to wearable computers."
"PRESS DIGEST - Financial Times - July 1 " "July 1 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy."
"Apple hires former Yves Saint Laurent CEO for 'special projects' " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc has hired the former chief executive of French luxury group Yves Saint Laurent for ""special projects"" reporting to Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook."
"Apple plans Nevada solar farm in clean energy push for data centers " "Apple Inc said it plans to build a new solar farm with NV Energy Inc for power supply to its new data center in Reno  Nevada  a major step towards its goal of having its data centers run on renewable energy."
"Apple plans Nevada solar farm in clean energy push for data centers " "July 1 Apple Inc said it plans to build a new solar farm with NV Energy Inc for power supply to its new data center in Reno  Nevada  a major step towards its goal of having its data centers run on renewable energy."
"Billionaire Saudi prince branded 'capricious' in UK court " "LONDON A billionaire Saudi prince fighting a lawsuit connected to the sale of a private jet to Libya's Muammar Gaddafi was branded ""capricious"" and ""a debt-dodger"" in a London court on Tuesday."
"China hands Asian memory makers massive bargaining chip " "* China diversifies chipmakers' client base from Apple  Samsung"
"IPCom lands cash bonanza from D.Telekom settlement-sources " "* Telekom pays 'low-to-medium triple-digit' mln euros-sources"
"Yahoo buys mobile app company Qwiki " "Yahoo Inc said that it will buy Qwiki Inc  a mobile app for creating videos in Apple Inc's iPhone  as it tries to increase its presence in the world of smartphones and tablets. | Video "
"Governments to target tech giants' tax avoidance - draft " "BERLIN/LONDON  July 5 Western governments are set to target a range of tax loopholes used by technology giants including Apple  Amazon as part of an international drive to tackle corporate tax avoidance  a draft action plan seen by Reuters said."
"Governments to target tech giants' tax avoidance: draft " "BERLIN/LONDON Western governments are set to target a range of tax loopholes used by technology giants including Apple  Amazon as part of an international drive to tackle corporate tax avoidance  a draft action plan seen by Reuters said."
"Japan's DoCoMo holds out to iPhone mania  but at what cost? " "TOKYO NTT DoCoMo Inc  Japan's largest mobile provider and a pioneer of the mobile Internet  is one of just a few holdouts among the world's big mobile carriers not offering Apple Inc's iPhone to its 60 million customers."
"UPDATE 1-Rivals to loom large over HTC sales  Q3 growth seen flat " "TAIPEI  July 5 HTC Corp may not sustain sales growth into the third-quarter as the glow around the Taiwanese smartphone maker's flagship model is likely to be eclipsed by new products from bigger rivals Apple Inc  and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd."
"UPDATE 2-Barnes & Noble CEO resigns after Nook sales slump " "NEW YORK  July 8 Barnes & Noble Inc  Chief Executive William Lynch resigned on Monday after he led a failed attempt by the U.S. bookstore chain to compete against the likes of Amazon.com Inc  Apple Inc and Google Inc in the e-reader and tablet markets."
"UPDATE 2-India to review preferential policy for locally made electronic goods " "NEW DELHI  July 8 India will review a policy that gave preference to locally made electronics goods in government and private sector procurement  the government said on Monday after protests by trade groups representing global companies such as Apple Inc."
"Apple  Amazon end 'app store' lawsuit " "Apple Inc and Amazon.com Inc have ended their lawsuit over who has the right to use the ""app store"" name  clearing the way for both companies to use it."
"UPDATE 2-Apple  Amazon end 'app store' lawsuit " "July 9 Apple Inc and Amazon.com Inc  have ended their lawsuit over who has the right to use the ""app store"" name  clearing the way for both companies to use it."
"Apple colluded on e-book prices  judge finds " "NEW YORK In a sweeping rejection of Apple Inc's strategy for selling electronic books on the Internet  a federal judge ruled that the company conspired with five major publishers to raise e-book prices. | Video "
"UPDATE 5-Apple colluded on e-book prices  judge finds " "NEW YORK  July 10 In a sweeping rejection of Apple Inc's strategy for selling electronic books on the Internet  a federal judge ruled that the company conspired with five major publishers to raise e-book prices."
"For Apple  much to gain in fighting e-books case " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 10 Apple Inc  couldn't have been too surprised on Wednesday when a judge slammed the company for violating antitrust laws over e-book pricing - the judge had warned in May that she believed the government could prove its case."
"RPT-For Apple  much to gain in fighting e-books case " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 10 Apple Inc  couldn't have been too surprised on Wednesday when a judge slammed the company for violating antitrust laws over e-book pricing - the judge had warned in May that she believed the government could prove its case."
"UPDATE 3-Nokia pins recovery hopes on advanced camera smartphone " "* Critics mostly positive  financial health still a worry"
"UPDATE 5-Microsoft aims to power mobile effort in major overhaul " "* Shakeup designed to cut red tape; catch up in mobile  cloud era"
"Google's Schmidt says relationship with Apple has improved " "SUN VALLEY  Idaho  July 11 The relationship between Google Inc and Apple Inc has improved over the past year with the rival technology companies and sometimes partners conducting ""lots and lots"" of meetings  Google Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt said."
"Google's Schmidt says relationship with Apple has improved " "SUN VALLEY  Idaho The relationship between Google Inc and Apple Inc has improved over the past year with the rival technology companies and sometimes partners conducting ""lots and lots"" of meetings  Google Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt said."
"Apple to probe death of Chinese woman who used charging iPhone " "SINGAPORE Apple Inc is investigating an accident in which a Chinese woman was killed by an electric shock when answering a call on her iPhone 5 while it was charging  the U.S. technology company said on Monday."
"Apple to probe death of Chinese woman who used charging iPhone " "SINGAPORE  July 15 Apple Inc is investigating an accident in which a Chinese woman was killed by an electric shock when answering a call on her iPhone 5 while it was charging  the U.S. technology company said on Monday."
"Apple to probe death of Chinese woman who used iPhone when it was charging " "SINGAPORE Apple Inc is investigating an accident in which a Chinese woman was killed by an electric shock when answering a call on her iPhone 5 while it was charging  the U.S. technology company said on Monday."
"RPT-INSIGHT-Apple controversy lays bare complex Irish tax web " "* More than 40 percent of S&P 500 have subsidiaries in Ireland"
"Russian mobile operators stop selling Apple's iPhone  report says " "MOSCOW  July 17 Russia's top three mobile operators  Megafon   MTS and Vimpelcom  have stopped selling Apple Inc's  iPhone  the Financial Times reported on Wednesday."
"UPDATE 1-Russian mobile operators stop selling Apple's iPhone  report says " "MOSCOW  July 18 Vimpelcom  one of Russia's top mobile operators  will no longer sell Apple Inc's  iPhone  the Financial Times reported on Wednesday  after similar moves by other mobile companies in Russia."
"Apple supplier LG Display seeks to broaden smartphone client base " "SEOUL Flat-screen maker LG Display Co Ltd  a key supplier to Apple Inc  said on Thursday that it was seeking to broaden its smartphone customer base  betting that diversification would bolster its second-half earnings."
"LG Display Q2 profit up as firm TV panel prices mask weaker Apple orders " "SEOUL  July 18 South Korean flat-screen maker LG Display Co Ltd reported on Thursday a 53 percent rise in quarterly profit  as stable prices of large-sized TV screens helped counter slower growth of smartphone display shipments to its key customer Apple."
"UPDATE 2-Apple supplier LG Display seeks to broaden smartphone client base " "SEOUL  July 18 Flat-screen maker LG Display Co Ltd  a key supplier to Apple Inc  said on Thursday that it was seeking to broaden its smartphone customer base  betting that diversification would bolster its second-half earnings."
"G20 back fundamental reform of corporate taxation " "LONDON  July 19 The G20 backed a fundamental rethink of the rules on taxing multinational corporations on Friday  taking aim at loopholes used by companies such as Apple  and Google to avoid billions of dollars in taxes."
"G20 backs fundamental reform of corporate taxation " "LONDON/MOSCOW The G20 backed a ""fundamental"" rethink of the rules on taxing multinational corporations on Friday  taking aim at loopholes used by companies such as Apple and Google to avoid billions of dollars in taxes."
"G20 backs fundamental reform of corporate taxation " "LONDON/MOSCOW The G20 backed a ""fundamental"" rethink of the rules on taxing multinational corporations on Friday  taking aim at loopholes used by companies such as Apple  and Google  to avoid billions of dollars in taxes."
"UPDATE 1-G20 backs fundamental reform of corporate taxation " "LONDON/MOSCOW  July 19 The G20 backed a ""fundamental"" rethink of the rules on taxing multinational corporations on Friday  taking aim at loopholes used by companies such as Apple and Google to avoid billions of dollars in taxes."
"UPDATE 3-G20 backs fundamental reform of corporate taxation " "LONDON/MOSCOW  July 19 The G20 backed a ""fundamental"" rethink of the rules on taxing multinational corporations on Friday  taking aim at loopholes used by companies such as Apple and Google to avoid billions of dollars in taxes."
"Apple developer site shuttered four days after attack " "BOSTON A website that Apple Inc uses to communicate with its community of some 6 million software developers remained shuttered on Monday  four days after a cyber attack that prompted a harried upgrade to prevent future breaches."
"Apple's developer website attacked  can't rule out stolen data " "July 21 Apple Inc's main website for developers remains shut after intruders tried to steal sensitive information last week  forcing the iPhone maker to overhaul its database and server software to prevent future breaches."
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks rise on China's economic moves  dollar steadies " "* Solid earnings boost U.S. stocks; markets await Apple results"
"GLOBAL MARKETS-World stocks rise on China's economic moves  dollar slips " "NEW YORK  July 23 World stock markets rose to near five-year highs on Tuesday  boosted by news that China was moving to support its cooling economy  while the dollar fell to one-month lows."
"Nikkei may see soft start  Apple-related shares set to outperform " "TOKYO  July 24 Japan's Nikkei share average may open lower on Wednesday after its two-day rally  but the market could push higher later in the day from gains in Apple Inc  related stocks after the iPhone-maker reported stellar sales.     Market players said the Nikkei was likely to trade between 14 650 to 14 850 on Wednesday after rising 0.8 percent to 14 778.51 on the previous day. The benchmark has risen 1.3 percent over the past two days.     Nikkei futures in Chicago closed at 14"
"Options action suggests Apple earnings will not roil its shares " "NEW YORK/CHICAGO Apple Inc is not expected to show a big post-earnings swing when it reports fiscal third-quarter results after the closing bell on Tuesday  but this could also mean investors are under-hedged in case the company delivers a shock. | Video "
"Options action suggests Apple earnings will not roil its shares " "NEW YORK/CHICAGO  July 23 Apple Inc is not expected to show a big post-earnings swing when it reports fiscal third-quarter results after the closing bell on Tuesday  but this could also mean investors are under-hedged in case the company delivers a shock."
"Strong iPhone sales buoy Apple's third quarter  shares climb " "SAN FRANCISCO Sales of Apple Inc's iPhone trumped Wall Street estimates after U.S. shipments soared 51 percent in the third quarter  lifting its stock 5 percent even as profit fell. | Video "
"UPDATE 4-Strong iPhone sales buoy Apple's Q3  shares climb " "* Greater China revenue down 43 from yr-ago quarter     * Cook says still sees China as huge opportunity     * iPhone U.S. sales up 51 pct   (Adds link box with graphics and analysts' views)     By Poornima Gupta     SAN FRANCISCO  July 23 Sales of Apple Inc's  iPhone trumped Wall Street estimates after U.S. shipments soared 51 percent in the third quarter  lifting its stock 5 percent even as profit fell.     The world's largest technology company said Tuesday that profit fell 22 per"
"US STOCKS-Dow  S&P stay near record highs in tight-range session " "* UTX shares hit all-time high and lift the Dow industrials"
"US STOCKS-S&P 500 breaks winning streak  but UTX buoys Dow " "* UTX shares hit all-time high and lift the Dow industrials"
"US STOCKS-S&P 500 dips and Dow gains on UTX; Apple up late " "* Apple's stock jumps after the bell on strong iPhone sales"
"Apple wobbles in China as rivals offer more  for less " "SAN FRANCISCO/HONG KONG A sharp drop in Apple Inc's China revenue in April-June underscores the challenges it faces in its second-largest market as the technology gap with cheaper local rivals narrows and as Samsung Electronics keeps up a steady stream of new models across all price ranges."
"Earnings cool U.S. stocks  bonds sag on data " "NEW YORK U.S. stock prices fell on Wednesday  retreating further from their record highs on disappointing results from several top companies  while stronger-than-expected U.S. and European factory data spurred selling in safe-haven U.S. and German government debt  sending their yields higher."
"Falling Apple dents TD Ameritrade's margin loan balances " "NEW YORK The drop in Apple Inc's stock over the last year spread to a core business of discount broker TD Ameritrade Holding Corp - lending to customers against their stock portfolios."
"GLOBAL MARKETS-U.S. stocks fall on earnings  bonds sag on data " "* U.S.  European factory sectors improve  China's disappoints"
"GLOBAL MARKETS-U.S. stocks fall on poor earnings  bonds fall on data " "* U.S.  European factory sectors improve  China's disappoints"
"GLOBAL MARKETS-U.S. stocks slip on poor earnings  dollar gains on data " "NEW YORK  July 24 U.S. stock prices edged lower on Wednesday on disappointing results from Caterpillar and AT&T  overshadowing robust earnings from Apple  while the dollar strengthened on data showing a pick-up in domestic manufacturing and new home sales."
"TriQuint posts higher quarterly revenue  shares rise " "July 23 Chipmaker TriQuint Semiconductor Inc  reported a 7 percent rise in quarterly revenue  buoyed by demand for its chips used in mobile devices such as smartphones and tablets."
"US STOCKS-Dow  S&P dip; Apple's jump keeps Nasdaq barely in black " "* Dow down 0.2 pct  S&P 500 off 0.4 pct  Nasdaq up 0.01 pct"
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall St rises after Apple results  Europe data " "NEW YORK  July 24 U.S. stocks rose at the open on Wednesday as Apple's results boosted tech shares and positive euro-zone economic data boosted market sentiment."
"US STOCKS-Wall St flat as Caterpillar  AT&T offset Apple's gains " "* Dow components Caterpillar  AT&T weigh on blue chip index"
"Falling Apple hits TD Ameritrade's margin loan business " "NEW YORK The drop in Apple Inc's stock over the last year spread to a core business of discount broker TD Ameritrade Holding Corp - lending to customers against their stock portfolios."
"Penguin promises EU regulator to scrap Apple ebook deals " "BRUSSELS EU regulators accepted on Thursday a pledge by British media group Pearson's Penguin unit to scrap its ebook deals with Apple which set price curbs on Amazon and other retailers  closing an antitrust case against the company."
"Penguin promises EU regulator to scrap Apple e-book deals " "BRUSSELS  July 25 EU regulators accepted on Thursday a pledge by British media group Pearson's  Penguin unit to scrap its e-book deals with Apple which set price curbs on Amazon and other retailers  closing an antitrust case against the company."
"Taiwan stocks nearly flat; Apple suppliers up again " "TAIPEI  July 25 Taiwan stocks were nearly flat in morning trade on Thursday  as gains in Apple Inc  suppliers  including Largan Precision  were offset by losses in auto makers.     Shares in Apple's suppliers rose for a second day after the iPhone maker posted robust sales. Phone lenses maker Largan rallied 3.4 percent  while Hon Hai Precision rose 0.5 percent.     At around 0140 GMT  the main TAIEX index dipped 0.06 percent or 5.04 points to 8 191.15 points  with the electronics sub"
"UPDATE 2-Falling Apple hits TD Ameritrade's margin loan business " "NEW YORK  July 24 The drop in Apple Inc's  stock over the last year spread to a core business of discount broker TD Ameritrade Holding Corp - lending to customers against their stock portfolios."
"UPDATE 2-SK Hynix warns chip prices near peak after record profit " "* Q2 operating profit 1.1 trln won vs 916 bln won forecast"
"Insight: How Samsung is beating Apple in China " "GUANGZHOU  China/SEOUL Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook believes that ""over the arc of time"" China is a huge opportunity for his pathbreaking company. But time looks to be on the side of rival Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  which has been around far longer and penetrated much deeper into the world's most populous country."
"INSIGHT-How Samsung is beating Apple in China " "* Samsung's core strategy is building relationships - ""guanxi"""
"Access to Apple developer site partially restored " "Apple Inc has partially restored its main website for developers  eight days after shuttering it in response to a cyber attack that prompted a harried upgrade to prevent future breaches."
"Access to Apple developer site partially restored " "July 26 Apple Inc has partially restored its main website for developers  eight days after shuttering it in response to a cyber attack that prompted a harried upgrade to prevent future breaches."
"Apple's Mansfield no longer in exec team  moves to special projects " "Apple Inc said on Sunday it will shift Bob Mansfield  senior vice president of technologies  out of its executive team to work on special projects."
"Apple's Mansfield no longer in exec team  moves to special projects " "July 28 Apple Inc said on Sunday it will shift Bob Mansfield  senior vice president of technologies  out of its executive team to work on special projects."
"Apple-supplier Pegatron violates China workers' rights: China Labor Watch " "BEIJING Pegatron Corp  a Taiwanese company that makes Apple Inc products  is violating workers' rights at its Chinese factories in Shanghai and Suzhou  New York-based rights group China Labor Watch said in a report on Monday."
"RPT-Apple-supplier Pegatron violates China workers' rights - China Labor Watch " "BEIJING  July 29 Pegatron Corp  a Taiwanese company that makes Apple Inc products  is violating workers' rights at its Chinese factories in Shanghai and Suzhou  New York-based rights group China Labor Watch said in a report on Monday."
"Apple CEO met China Mobile head  discussed cooperation " "BEIJING/SINGAPORE Apple Inc CEO Tim Cook on Tuesday met with the head of China Mobile Ltd  the world's largest mobile carrier by subscribers and the only Chinese carrier that doesn't offer iPhones and iPads."
"Billionaire Saudi prince loses UK court battle over Gaddafi jet " "LONDON A billionaire Saudi prince was ordered by a British court on Wednesday to pay a $10-million commission linked to the sale of a private jet to Libya's Colonel Gaddafi  in a humiliating legal defeat for one of the world's richest men."
"Billionaire Saudi prince loses UK court battle over Gaddafi jet " "LONDON  July 31 A billionaire Saudi prince lost a London court battle on Wednesday when a judge ordered that he should pay a $10-million commission linked to the sale of a luxurious private jet to former Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi."
"Fidelity Contrafund sours on Apple  bolsters bet on Tesla " "BOSTON  July 31 Fidelity Contrafund  manager Will Danoff cut his stake in Apple Inc by 28 percent during the first half of the year  citing the iPhone maker's ""slowing growth profile."""
"Fidelity Contrafund sours on Apple  bolsters Tesla bet " "BOSTON Fidelity Contrafund  manager Will Danoff cut his stake in Apple Inc  28 percent during the first half of the year  citing the iPhone maker's ""slowing growth profile."""
"UPDATE 1-Fidelity Contrafund sours on Apple  bolsters Tesla bet " "BOSTON  July 31 Fidelity Contrafund  manager Will Danoff cut his stake in Apple Inc 28 percent during the first half of the year  citing the iPhone maker's ""slowing growth profile."""
"UPDATE 2-Apple CEO met China Mobile head  discussed cooperation " "BEIJING/SINGAPORE  July 31 Apple Inc  CEO Tim Cook on Tuesday met with the head of China Mobile Ltd   the world's largest mobile carrier by subscribers and the only Chinese carrier that doesn't offer iPhones and iPads."
"UPDATE 2-Billionaire Saudi prince loses UK court battle over Gaddafi jet " "* Businesswoman brokered deal with Gaddafi  was paid nothing"
"U.S.  China team up to seize counterfeit goods in joint operation " "* Biggest bilateral customs effort ever - U.S. agency says"
"U.S.  China team up to seize counterfeit goods in joint operation " "WASHINGTON The United States and China have joined forces in a combined operation to crack down on counterfeit goods  seizing more than 243 000 fake electronics products  including popular consumer items made by Apple  Samsung  Dr Dre and Blackberry."
"Apple CEO met China Mobile head  discussed cooperation " "BEIJING/SINGAPORE Apple Inc CEO Tim Cook on Tuesday met with the head of China Mobile Ltd  the world's largest mobile carrier by subscribers and the only Chinese carrier that doesn't offer iPhones and iPads."
"Apple fixing bug that allows fake charging stations to hack iPhones " "LAS VEGAS  July 31 Apple Inc's next software update for its iPhones and iPads will fix a security flaw that allows hackers to engage in spying and cyber crimes when the victim connects the device to a fake charging station  the company said on Wednesday."
"Laird first-half underlying profit falls 37 pct " "Aug 1 Laird Plc  a maker of electronic components  reported a 37 percent fall in first-half profit as a drop in revenue from its largest customer - widely assumed to be Apple  - continued to hurt business."
"REFILE-UPDATE 2-Apple CEO met China Mobile head  discussed cooperation " "BEIJING/SINGAPORE  July 31 Apple Inc  CEO Tim Cook on Tuesday met with the head of China Mobile Ltd   the world's largest mobile carrier by subscribers and the only Chinese carrier that doesn't offer iPhones and iPads."
"US ITC delays decision on whether Samsung infringes Apple's patents " "WASHINGTON  Aug 1 The U.S. International Trade Commission said on Thursday that it would delay a decision on whether devices made by Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  infringe on Apple Inc's patents."
"Apple battling U.S.  states over proposed e-book limits " "NEW YORK Apple Inc is headed for a showdown with the U.S. government and dozens of states  which on Friday urged that tough new restrictions be imposed on the company for illegally conspiring to raise e-book prices."
"UPDATE 4-Apple battling U.S.  states over proposed e-book limits " "NEW YORK  Aug 2 Apple Inc is headed for a showdown with the U.S.  government and dozens of states  which on Friday urged that tough new restrictions be imposed on the company for illegally conspiring to raise e-book prices."
"U.S.  states propose remedy for Apple e-book price-fixing " "NEW YORK  Aug 2 Apple Inc deserves a five-year ban from entering anticompetitive e-book distribution contracts  and should also end its business arrangements with five major publishers with which it conspired to raise e-book prices  federal and state regulators said on Friday."
"UPDATE 2-Obama administration overturns ban on some iPad  iPhones " "WASHINGTON  Aug 3 The Obama administration has overturned a U.S. trade panel's ban on the sale of some older iPhones and iPads  reversing a ruling that had favored Samsung Electronics Co Ltd over Apple Inc in their long-running patent battles."
"UPDATE 5-U.S. seeks tighter control over Apple in e-book case " "NEW YORK  Aug 2 Apple Inc is headed for a showdown with the U.S.  government and dozens of states  which on Friday urged that tough new restrictions be imposed on the company for illegally conspiring to raise e-book prices."
"U.S. seeks tighter control over Apple in e-book case " "NEW YORK Apple Inc is headed for a showdown with the U.S. government and dozens of states  which on Friday urged that tough new restrictions be imposed on the company for illegally conspiring to raise e-book prices."
"U.S. Trade Rep overturns ban on sales of certain Apple iPads and iPhones " "WASHINGTON  Aug 3 Apple Inc may continue to import and sell certain older iPads and iPhones made to use on AT&T's network  U.S. Trade Representative Michael Froman said on Saturday in overturning a ban issued by a trade panel."
"CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-Obama administration overturns ban on some iPad  iPhones " "(Corrects paragraph 15 to show ITC judge found Samsung violated four out of six Apple patents in parallel case  not one out of two)"
"PRESS DIGEST - Wall Street Journal - Aug 5 " "Aug 5 The following are the top stories in the Wall Street Journal. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy."
"Seoul shares edge down as investors assess global outlook " "* Samsung Elec declines after Obama's veto of Apple sales ban"
"S.Korean shares slip 0.4 pct; Samsung hit over Apple row " "SEOUL  Aug 5 Seoul shares fell slightly on Monday as investors took a breather to assess the global economic outlook while Samsung Electronics dropped after U.S. President Barack Obama vetoed a ban on sales of some Apple Inc  products."
"S.Korea says concerned about U.S. decision on some Apple models " "SEOUL  Aug 5 The South Korean government on Monday expressed concerns about the decision by the United States to overrule a sales ban of some Apple Inc  models."
"US STOCKS-Dow  S&P 500 edge lower after last week's record highs " "* Apple and Facebook rally  helping Nasdaq end with a slim gain"
"US STOCKS-Wall St slips from record highs; energy stocks hit Dow " "* Tyson Foods rises after results  Priceline up on analyst comment"
"'Active in drag ' a funky riff for index fund investors " "NEW YORK As investors pour more and more money into funds that track indexes  the indexes themselves are getting more esoteric."
"'Active in drag ' a funky riff for index fund investors " "NEW YORK  Aug 7 As investors pour more and more money into funds that track indexes  the indexes themselves are getting more esoteric."
"South Korean shares fall 1 pct on Samsung Elec slide  Fed uncertainty " "* Shares fall 1 pct as uncertainty grows over Fed tapering"
"UPDATE 1-Publishers object to U.S. restrictions on Apple in e-books case " "Aug 7 Five of the largest U.S. publishers objected to tough new restrictions sought by the U.S. government against Apple Inc for illegally conspiring to raise e-book prices."
"U.S. appeals court revives Apple patent claims vs. Google " "Aug 7 A U.S. appeals court ruled on Wednesday that Apple Inc should be able to renew its arguments at the International Trade Commission that Google Inc's  Motorola Mobility unit violated two patents relating to the iPhone."
"UPDATE 2-Publishers object to U.S. restrictions on Apple in e-books case " "Aug 7 Five of the largest U.S. publishers objected to tough new restrictions sought by the U.S. government against Apple Inc for illegally conspiring to raise e-book prices."
"Apple patent wins could mean U.S. import ban for Samsung " "WASHINGTON Some older Samsung Electronics Co. mobile devices face a sales and import ban in the United States after a U.S. trade panel ruled for Apple Inc. in a high-profile patent infringement case."
"Obama  tech executives met to discuss surveillance -report " "WASHINGTON  Aug 9 U.S. President Barack Obama quietly met with the CEOs of Apple Inc  AT&T Inc  as well as other technology and privacy representatives on Thursday to discuss government surveillance  according to a media report."
"Obama  tech executives met to discuss surveillance " "WASHINGTON U.S. President Barack Obama met with the CEOs of Apple Inc  AT&T Inc as well as other top technology and privacy representatives on Thursday to discuss government surveillance in the wake of revelations about the programs  the White House confirmed on Friday."
"Samsung Electronics infringes Apple patents: U.S. trade panel " "WASHINGTON A U.S. trade panel on Friday ruled that South Korea's Samsung Electronics Co Ltd infringes on portions of two Apple Inc patents on digital mobile devices  a decision likely to inflame passions in the long-running dispute."
"UPDATE 1-US trade panel: Samsung Electronics infringes Apple patents " "WASHINGTON  Aug 9 A U.S. trade panel on Friday ruled that South Korea's Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  infringes on portions of two Apple Inc patents on digital mobile devices  a decision likely to inflame passions in the long-running dispute."
"UPDATE 2-Obama  tech executives met to discuss surveillance " "* Google  Apple  AT&T leaders attended White House session"
"UPDATE 3-Apple patent wins could mean U.S. import ban for Samsung " "WASHINGTON  Aug 9 Some older Samsung Electronics Co. mobile devices face a sales and import ban in the United States after a U.S. trade panel ruled for Apple Inc.  in a high-profile patent infringement case."
"U.S. court hears arguments in Apple's case against Samsung " "WASHINGTON  Aug 9 A U.S. appeals court on Friday wrestled with a request by Apple Inc for a permanent injunction against Samsung Electronics Co Ltd in a case that could have a deep impact on U.S. patent litigation."
"U.S. judge considers limits on Apple in e-books case " "NEW YORK  Aug 9 A U.S. judge said on Friday she is considering imposing tough restrictions on Apple Inc  for illegally conspiring with publishers to raise e-books prices."
"U.S. judge considers limits on Apple in e-books case " "NEW YORK A U.S. judge said on Friday she is considering imposing tough restrictions on Apple Inc for illegally conspiring with publishers to raise e-books prices."
"Dow  S&P 500 end lower; Nasdaq lifted by BlackBerry  Apple " "NEW YORK The Dow and the S&P 500 indexes dipped on Monday  extending losses from Wall Street's worst week since June last week  but Apple and BlackBerry kept the Nasdaq index afloat. | Video "
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Dollar  gold rise as economy suggests Fed move " "* Nasdaq positive on gains in Apple  BlackBerry     * Gold rises more than 2 percent; gold ETF draws inflows     * Dollar edges up but still near seven-week low       By Herbert Lash     NEW YORK  Aug 12 The U.S. dollar and gold rose on Monday as signs of economic recovery pointed to the likelihood of near-term cuts in central bank stimulus  while global equity markets were mostly flat.     Chinese shares jumped more than 2 percent on news that factory output grew in July at its fast"
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Dollar  gold rise as economy suggests Fed move " "* Nasdaq positive on gains in Apple  BlackBerry     * Gold rises more than 2 percent; gold ETF draws inflows     * Dollar edges up but still near seven-week low     * Oil settles higher after early losses       By Herbert Lash     NEW YORK  Aug 12 The U.S. dollar and gold rose on Monday as signs of economic recovery pointed to the likelihood of near-term cuts in central bank stimulus  while global equity markets were mostly flat.     Chinese shares rose more than 2 percent on news th"
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Shares flat as recovery signs stir stimulus fears " "* Nasdaq positive on gains in Apple  BlackBerry     * Gold rises more than 2 percent; gold ETF draws inflows     * Dollar edges up but still near seven-week low       By Herbert Lash     NEW YORK  Aug 12 Global equity markets were flat on Monday  with safe-haven assets such as the U.S. dollar and gold making gains as signs of economic recovery pointed to the likelihood of near-term cuts in central bank stimulus.         China's CSI300 share index climbed 2.1 percent  extending last F"
"Pegatron sees non-PC revenue rising up to 50 percent in Q3 " "TAIPEI  Aug 12 Taiwanese contract manufacturer Pegatron Corp sees revenue in its communications and consumer electronics segments growing 40-50 percent in the third quarter compared to the last as it ramps up shipments for major clients like Apple Inc and Sony Corp."
"Pegatron sees non-PC revenue rising up to 50 percent in third quarter " "TAIPEI Taiwanese contract manufacturer Pegatron Corp sees revenue in its communications and consumer electronics segments growing 40-50 percent in the third quarter compared to the last as it ramps up shipments for major clients like Apple Inc and Sony Corp."
"US STOCKS-Dow  S&P 500 end lower; Nasdaq lifted by BlackBerry  Apple " "* Options activity shows near-term hedging increasing: Credit Suisse"
"US STOCKS-Dow  S&P 500 slip  BlackBerry and Apple lift Nasdaq " "* Options activity shows near-term hedging increasing: Credit Suisse"
"US STOCKS-Futures lower  suggesting recent decline will persist " "NEW YORK  Aug 12 U.S. stock index futures were lower on Monday  indicating the previous week's decline would continue as investors found few reasons to buy."
"US STOCKS-S&P & Dow lower  BlackBerry keeps Nasdaq above water " "NEW YORK  Aug 12 Technology stocks Apple and BlackBerry kept the Nasdaq above break-even on Monday  but other major stock indexes were lower in a session marked by light trading."
"Foxconn branches out beyond Apple in troubled solar industry " "TAIPEI/HONG KONG  Aug 14 Foxconn Technology Group  best known for assembling Apple Inc's iPhones  will decide by year-end whether to branch off into unconventional new territory: making solar panels in China."
"Icahn has large Apple stake; calls company extremely undervalued " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 13 Activist investor Carl Icahn said on Tuesday he now has a ""large stake"" in Apple Inc   which he believes to be extremely undervalued."
"Icahn says bigger buybacks can drive Apple shares to $700 " "SAN FRANCISCO/NEW YORK Activist investor Carl Icahn said he has amassed a ""large position"" in Apple Inc and believes the stock could be worth as much as $700 a share if Chief Executive Tim Cook pushed for a larger stock buyback. | Video "
"Larry vs. Larry: Oracle's Ellison says Google's Page acted 'evil' " "Google's informal motto is ""don't be evil "" but outspoken Silicon Valley billionaire Larry Ellison has accused the Internet company's CEO  Larry Page  of acting ""absolutely evil."""
"REFILE-Larry vs Larry: Oracle's Ellison says Google's Page acted 'evil' " "Aug 13 Larry Ellison  Oracle Corp's  outspoken chief executive officer  said Google Inc CEO Larry Page acted ""absolutely evil"" and accused the Internet company of using Oracle's products without permission."
"UPDATE 1-Apple options volume soars on Icahn investment " "(Updates options volume  adds analyst comment  closing share price)"
"UPDATE 1-Hon Hai Q2 profit beats forecasts  but margins recovery still slow " "TAIPEI  Aug 13 Taiwan's Hon Hai Precision Industry Co Ltd  a major manufacturer of Apple Inc  products  posted a forecast-beating net profit in the second quarter as it attempts to diversify its business and client base."
"UPDATE 4-Icahn says bigger buybacks can drive Apple shares to $700 " "* Activist investor tweets he had ""nice conversation"" with CEO Cook"
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT - Wall St ends higher after strong retail data " "NEW YORK  Aug 13 U.S. stocks rose on Tuesday after strong economic data including retail sales  while comments from a top Federal Reserve official gave a further boost to equities and Apple lifted the Nasdaq."
"US STOCKS-Wall St rises on economic data  Apple rallies " "* Apple shares jump after Carl Icahn reveals long position"
"Apple faces possible May 2014 trial on e-book damages " "NEW YORK  Aug 14 The federal judge who ruled that Apple Inc violated antitrust law by conspiring with five major publishers to raise prices of e-books has scheduled a May 2014 trial to determine damages  according to an order made public on Wednesday."
"Apple faces possible May 2014 trial on e-book damages " "NEW YORK The federal judge who ruled that Apple Inc violated antitrust law by conspiring with five major publishers to raise prices of e-books has scheduled a May 2014 trial to determine damages  according to an order made public on Wednesday."
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Wall St down as Macy's disappoints  Europe up on data " "* Macy's results hit U.S. stocks  but Apple shares hit $500     * European shares edge toward 2013 high after stronger data     * Copper gains on optimism about European  Chinese growth      By Wanfeng Zhou     NEW YORK  Aug 14 Wall Street stocks fell on Wednesday  dragged down by weak earnings from department store Macy's  but European shares rose to 2-1/2-month highs after data showed the euro zone emerged from recession in the second quarter.     The euro slipped despite the encou"
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Wall St ends down on Fed uncertainty; data boosts Europe " "* Fed  Macy's weigh on sentiment; Apple shares hit $500     * European shares edge toward 2013 high on stronger data     * Oil climbs to four-month high; copper gains on growth optimism      By Wanfeng Zhou     NEW YORK  Aug 14 Wall Street stocks fell on Wednesday  pressured by uncertainty about the Federal Reserve's plans to withdraw stimulus  but European shares rose to 2-1/2-month highs after data showed the euro zone emerged from recession in the second quarter.     The euro slip"
"Hedge funds warm to Apple; Omega re-enters  Soros buys more " "NEW YORK Apple Inc is regaining its popularity among the biggest hedge funds  some of which have said a massive sell-off this year has gone too far."
"Hedge funds warm up to Apple stock again; Omega Advisors re-enters " "NEW YORK  Aug 14 Apple Inc. is regaining its popularity among the biggest hedge funds."
"New iPhone  4G technology may mean Apple  China Mobile tie-up closer " "SINGAPORE  Aug 15 The stars may finally be aligning for a long-awaited deal between Apple Inc and China Mobile Ltd  the world's biggest mobile carrier  that could help the iPhone maker claw back lost ground in its most important growth market."
"US STOCKS-Wall St down on Fed uncertainty  weak sales by retailer Macy's " "* Indexes: Dow off 0.6 pct; S&P off 0.4 pct; Nasdaq off 0.3 pct"
"US STOCKS-Wall St falls on uncertainty about Fed's next move " "* J.C. Penney shares spike on report sales improving in Aug"
"US STOCKS-Wall St off on Fed uncertainty  weak sales by retailer Macy's " "NEW YORK  Aug 14 U.S. stocks fell on Wednesday as investors speculated on when the Federal Reserve might curb its stimulus measures and after department store Macy's stock fell from a ""tough"" sales environment."
"Ashton Kutcher explores the glamour and glitches of Steve Jobs " "LOS ANGELES Ashton Kutcher may be best known for his goofier comedy roles in ""That '70s Show"" and ""Two and a Half Men "" but the actor takes a rare dramatic turn in new film ""Jobs"" as visionary Apple co-founder Steve Jobs."
"China Mobile  Apple are positive on possible deal " "HONG KONG  Aug 15 China Mobile Ltd  the world's biggest mobile carrier by subscribers  said its talks with Apple Inc have been progressing smoothly and both sides are positive about reaching a possible agreement  Chairman Xi Guohua said on Thursday."
"Hedge funds warm to Apple; Omega re-enters  Soros buys more " "NEW YORK Apple Inc  is regaining its popularity among the biggest hedge funds  some of which have said a massive sell-off this year has gone too far."
"New iPhone  4G technology may mean Apple  China Mobile tie-up closer " "SINGAPORE/HONG KONG The stars may be aligning for a long-awaited deal between Apple Inc and China Mobile Ltd  the world's biggest mobile carrier  that could help the iPhone maker claw back lost ground in its most important growth market. | Video "
"Wall St Week Ahead: Undervalued euro shares a hurdle for U.S. stocks " "* Euro-zone equities rise in August while U.S. stocks fall"
"Wall Street Week Ahead: Undervalued euro shares a hurdle for U.S. stocks " "NEW YORK After Wall Street's biggest weekly decline since June and the worst week this year for the Dow average  investors will be searching for a rebound. But the best gains may not be at home as investors take notice of an improved outlook in Europe. | Video "
"US STOCKS-S&P 500  Dow flat but Nasdaq rises on tech stocks " "NEW YORK  Aug 19 The S&P 500 and Dow stock gauges were little changed on Monday  with investors reluctant to make new bets because the Federal Reserve is expected to begin slowing its stimulus  while the Nasdaq composite index rose on large-cap technology shares."
"US STOCKS-Wall Street little changed  but tech lifts Nasdaq " "NEW YORK  Aug 19 U.S. stocks were mostly flat on Monday with investors reluctant to make large bets ahead of an expected change in Federal Reserve stimulus policy  though a rally in large-cap tech shares lifted the Nasdaq."
"EXCLUSIVE:Conde Nast launches new subscriber service with Amazon " "NEW YORK Aug 20 Magazine publisher Conde Nast announced a major partnership with Amazon on Tuesday in which the Internet retailer will handle print and digital subscriptions for its stable of glossy publications like Vogue  Wired and Vanity Fair."
"INSIGHT-Can smartphone visionary engineer HTC's second coming? " "SINGAPORE/TAIPEI  Aug 21 Now in his tenth year as CEO of HTC Corp  Peter Chou is lauded as the architect of the Taiwanese firm's award-winning smartphones. But as the company's fortunes have dived  some insiders say he's now an obstacle to any revival."
"Insight: Peter Chou - Is he HTC’s savior or obstacle to revival? " "SINGAPORE/TAIPEI Now in his tenth year as CEO of HTC Corp  Peter Chou is lauded as the architect of the Taiwanese firm's award-winning smartphones. But as the company's fortunes have dived  some insiders say he's now an obstacle to any revival."
"Golden Calls: Will China embrace a champagne iPhone? " "BEIJING  Aug 22 If Apple hopes to woo more Chinese by adding a glitzy coating - some call it champagne  some gold - to its next iPhone  it may be in for a surprise."
"Greek PM meets billionaire Saudi prince to discuss investments " "ATHENS  Aug 22 Greek Prime Minister Antonis Samaras met Saudi billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal on Thursday to discuss investment opportunities  government officials said  as Athens pushes for foreign investment for its depressed economy."
"Greek PM meets billionaire Saudi prince to discuss investments " "ATHENS Greek Prime Minister Antonis Samaras met Saudi billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal on Thursday to discuss investment opportunities  government officials said  as Athens pushes for foreign investment for its depressed economy."
"Icahn plans dinner meeting with Apple's Cook on buyback size " "SAN FRANCISCO Carl Icahn has spoken again with Apple Inc's Tim Cook and plans a longer discussion with the chief executive over dinner next month about the size of the iPhone maker's buyback program  the activist investor tweeted on Thursday."
"Icahn says spoken again with Apple's Cook about size of buyback " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 22 Carl Icahn has spoken again with Apple Inc's Tim Cook and plans a longer discussion with the chief executive next month about the size of the iPhone maker's buyback program  the activist investor tweeted on Thursday."
"INSIGHT-At Apple  Tim Cook leads a quiet cultural revolution " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 22 Shortly after signing on as chief operating officer at Facebook  Sheryl Sandberg was looking to connect with people in a similar role - No. 2 to a brilliant and passionate young founder. She called Tim Cook."
"Insight: At Apple  Tim Cook leads a quiet cultural revolution " "SAN FRANCISCO Shortly after signing on as chief operating officer at Facebook  Sheryl Sandberg was looking to connect with people in a similar role - No. 2 to a brilliant and passionate young founder. She called Tim Cook."
"UPDATE 2-Icahn plans dinner tete-a-tete with Apple's Cook on buyback size " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 22 Carl Icahn has spoken again with Apple Inc's Tim Cook and plans a longer discussion with the chief executive over dinner next month about the size of the iPhone maker's buyback program  the activist investor tweeted on Thursday."
"WRAPUP 1-Latest technical glitch brings Nasdaq trading to a halt " "NEW YORK  Aug 22 Trading in shares of more than 3 000 U.S. companies listed by  Nasdaq  including Google  Apple and Microsoft  was abruptly halted shortly after midday on Thursday because of a technical problem  the latest black eye for the U.S. securities trading business."
"Apple battles U.S. over scope of e-books injunction " "NEW YORK The United States offered to ease the terms of a proposed civil injunction against Apple Inc for conspiring to raise e-book prices  but the company said the revised proposal is still designed to ""inflict punishment"" and must be rejected."
"Apple  Samsung do not have to disclose profit details: court " "Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd do not have to make public the financial details submitted to a U.S. court during high-profile patent litigation  a federal appeals panel ruled on Friday."
"CHRONOLOGY-Steve Ballmer's tenure as Microsoft CEO- " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 23 Microsoft Corp CEO Steve Ballmer unexpectedly announced on Friday that he would retire in 2014  13 years after he took over the dominant personal computer software company and tried to steer it into growing markets like video games  portable music players  smartphones and tablets."
"Google buys patents on virtual image technology from Hon Hai " "TAIPEI Taiwan's Hon Hai Precision Industry said it sold Google Inc part of a patent portfolio involving the superimposition of virtual images on real-world photos."
"Pandora: Sing a song of slumping shares " "SAN FRANCISCO Internet radio service Pandora Media Inc  said on Thursday that rising expenditures to acquire music and expand its sales force would push fiscal 2014 earnings below analyst expectations  and its shares slumped 5 percent."
"REFILE-Apple  Samsung do not have to disclose profit details -court " "Aug 23 Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd do not have to make public the financial details submitted to a U.S. court during high-profile patent litigation  a federal appeals panel ruled on Friday."
"U.S. proposes shorter injunction in Apple e-books case " "NEW YORK  Aug 23 The U.S. government on Friday offered to cut in half the length of a proposed injunction to punish Apple Inc for conspiring with five major publishers to raise e-book prices."
"Another key factor for stock investors to watch " "CHICAGO It's well known that small-company stocks have outperformed large-company stocks in terms of average annualized return since the 1920s  and bargain-priced stocks tend to outperform growth stocks."
"Avago sees strong quarter ahead of new iPhone launch " "Avago Technologies Ltd  whose chips are used in Apple Inc's products  forecast strong growth for the current quarter ahead of the launch of the new iPhone."
"CORRECTED-COLUMN-Another key factor for stock investors to watch " "(In the 4th paragraph  adds the dropped words ""divided by book value"" to the definition of direct profitability  and in the 5th paragraph corrects the spelling of Savina Rizova's name from Risova.)"
"UPDATE 2-Avago sees strong quarter ahead of new iPhone launch " "* Sees fourth-qtr revenue $721 mln-$740.5 mln vs est $696.3 mln"
"U.S. judge wants external monitor for Apple in e-books case " "* Monitor would review Apple antitrust procedures  training"
"U.S. judge wants external monitor for Apple in e-books case " "NEW YORK A U.S. judge weighing remedies to assure that Apple Inc does not fix prices again in the e-books market said on Tuesday that she plans to require it to hire an external monitor  something the company considers unnecessary."
"UPDATE 1-New iPhone expected as Apple asks media to Sept. 10 event " "SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 3 Apple Inc on Tuesday sent official invitations to a Sept. 10 event at which it is expected to unveil the latest version of the iPhone  possibly in colors other than its trademark black and white."
"UPDATE 2-Verizon to roadshow potential record bond issue next week " "NEW YORK/LONDON  Sept 3 (IFR/LPC) - Verizon Communications could steal the record from Apple  for the biggest bond issue ever to hit the global markets in coming weeks  as it begins the process of raising US$50bn of bonds to pay for part of the US$130bn price take on the 45% stake in Verizon Wireless that it is buying from Vodafone."
"Apple invites media to Beijing September 11 event: reports " "BEIJING Apple Inc  has invited Chinese journalists to an event in Beijing on September 11  just hours after it is widely expected to unveil its newest iPhone models in the United States  Chinese media reported on Wednesday. | Video "
"Panasonic to retreat from consumer smartphones-president " "* Loss in mobile division likely to be worse than target -president"
"Panasonic to retreat from consumer smartphones-president " "TOKYO Panasonic Corp will pull out of the smartphone market in Japan and pare its smartphone operations to outsourced production in emerging markets like India  the company's president said on Wednesday."
"Samsung unveils smartwatch to power Galaxy Note sales " "BERLIN/SEOUL  Sept 4 Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  unveiled a smartwatch on Wednesday that works as an accessory to its market-leading Galaxy smartphones  with a small screen offering basic functions like photos  hands-free calls and instant messaging."
"Sony unveils new smartphone in bid for top three ranking " "BERLIN  Sept 4 Sony Corp. unveiled a new smartphone on Wednesday in its push to become the world's third-biggest maker of smartphones after Samsung and Apple."
"Sony unveils new smartphone in bid for top three ranking " "BERLIN Sony Corp. unveiled a new smartphone on Wednesday in its push to become the world's third-biggest maker of smartphones after Samsung and Apple."
"UPDATE 1-Samsung unveils smartwatch to power Galaxy Note sales " "* Makes calls  display messages  record videos  snaps photos"
"UPDATE 1-UK's Tungsten plans IPO to create supply chain business " "LONDON  Sept 4 Tungsten Corporation Plc said on Wednesday it aimed to raise 160 million pounds ($248.51 million) on London's AIM junior stock market to build a business that finances the invoices of companies so they have more funds to invest."
"WRAPUP 1-Samsung and Qualcomm make foray into smartwatch market " "* Seeking opportunities as high-end smartphone market becomes saturated"
"Apple invites media to Beijing event on September 11 " "BEIJING Apple Inc has invited Chinese journalists to an event in Beijing on September 11  a company spokeswoman said  just hours after it is widely expected to unveil its newest iPhone models in the United States. | Video "
"Australian teen tests Apple tolerance with new iPhone leak " "SYDNEY  Sept 5 An Australian teenager who has built an online following by leaking pictures of upcoming Apple Inc products has done it again  showing off the purported fingerprint scanner of the latest iPhone ahead of its expected launch next week."
"DoCoMo to offer Apple's iPhone - Nikkei " "Sept 6 Japan's NTT DoCoMo Inc is expected to offer Apple Inc's iPhone as early as autumn  catching up with rivals KDDI Corp and SoftBank Corp  the Nikkei said."
"Japan's DoCoMo to begin selling iPhone as early as autumn -sources " "TOKYO  Sept 6 NTT DoCoMo Inc  Japan's largest mobile carrier  will begin selling Apple Inc's  iPhone as early as this autumn  sources familiar with the matter said on Friday."
"UPDATE 2-Apple invites media to Beijing event on Sept 11 " "BEIJING  Sept 4 Apple Inc has invited Chinese journalists to an event in Beijing on Sept. 11  a company spokeswoman said  just hours after it is widely expected to unveil its newest iPhone models in the United States."
"Apple hit with injunction in e-books antitrust case " "NEW YORK  Sept 6 A federal judge who found Apple Inc liable for conspiring to fix e-book prices entered an injunction on Friday intended to bar the iPad maker from further antitrust violations."
"Apple hit with U.S. injunction in e-books antitrust case " "NEW YORK A U.S. judge who found Apple Inc conspired to fix e-book prices imposed new restrictions on the iPad maker on Friday  limiting its agreements with publishers."
"China Unicom  Telecom to sell latest iPhone shortly after U.S. launch " "* iPhone 5S with TD-LTE could help close deal with China Mobile"
"UPDATE 2-Apple hit with U.S. injunction in e-books antitrust case " "* Court restricts agreements between Apple and five major publishers"
"UPDATE 2-NTT DoCoMo to sell iPhone in Apple stronghold Japan-sources " "TOKYO  Sept 6 Japan's biggest mobile carrier NTT DoCoMo Inc is expected to start selling iPhones as soon as autumn  helping Apple Inc extend its reach in a country where it has more than three times the market share of rival Samsung Electronics Co Ltd."
"EU regulators tell Samsung to offer more to end antitrust case " "BRUSSELS European Union regulators have told Samsung Electronics to offer more concessions to settle EU charges that its use of patent lawsuits against rival Apple breached antitrust rules after a first offer fell short."
"EU regulators tell Samsung to offer more to end antitrust case " "BRUSSELS  Sept 9 European Union regulators have told Samsung Electronics to offer more concessions to settle EU charges that its use of patent lawsuits against rival Apple breached antitrust rules after a first offer fell short."
"Investors bullish ahead of Apple iPhone launch " "SAN FRANCISCO/CHICAGO Investors are hoping that Apple Inc will unleash some of its old magic when it takes the wraps off its latest iPhone on Tuesday  with many building bullish share and options positions. | Video "
"Investors bullish ahead of Apple iPhone launch " "SAN FRANCISCO/CHICAGO  Sept 9 Investors are hoping that Apple Inc will unleash some of its old magic when it takes the wraps off its latest iPhone on Tuesday  with many building bullish share and options positions."
"Koch brothers move into electronics with $7.2 billion Molex deal " "Privately owned Koch Industries will buy Molex Inc  a maker of electronic connectors for companies including Apple Inc  for about $7.2 billion to give the billionaire Koch brothers a way to diversify from their traditional holdings in energy  chemicals and paper."
"MARKET PULSE-Apple  Sony  Oncolytics  Biodel  BlackBerry " "(For more market insights  including options activity  click on  ; for the Day Ahead newsletter http://link.reuters.com/mex49s;  for the Morning News Call newsletter  http://link.reuters.com/nex49s)"
"MARKET PULSE-Molex  MTR Gaming  Apple  Xerox  Hanwha Solarone " "(For more market insights  including options activity  click on  ; for the Day Ahead newsletter http://link.reuters.com/mex49s;  for the Morning News Call newsletter  http://link.reuters.com/nex49s)"
"MARKET PULSE-Unilife  Apple  Sony  Oncolytics  Biodel  BlackBerry " "(For more market insights  including options activity  click on  ; for the Day Ahead newsletter http://link.reuters.com/mex49s;  for the Morning News Call newsletter  http://link.reuters.com/nex49s)"
"Seoul shares seen higher on China optimism  Wall St rally " "SEOUL  Sept 10 Seoul shares are set to rise on Tuesday as global markets  led by Wall Street  were buoyed by upbeat Chinese data that eased concerns of a sharp slowdown in the world's second-largest economy.      U.S. stocks rallied on Monday  with the Nasdaq ending at its highest level since September 2000  while the S&P 500 rose for the fifth straight session  posting its best daily performance since Aug. 1 as upbeat August trade and inflation data from China suggested that Asia's "
"UPDATE 1-EU regulators tell Samsung to offer more to end antitrust case " "BRUSSELS  Sept 9 European Union regulators have told Samsung Electronics to offer more concessions to settle EU charges that its use of patent lawsuits against rival Apple breached antitrust rules after a first offer fell short."
"Apple expected to unveil iPhone to drive emerging market sales " "CUPERTINO  California  Sept 10 Apple Inc  is expected to introduce a cheaper version of the iPhone on Tuesday  bringing one of the industry's costliest smartphones within reach of the masses in poorer emerging markets."
"Apple's two new iPhones target high  low-end markets " "CUPERTINO  California Apple Inc unveiled a high-end iPhone with a fingerprint scanner as it tries to stand out in a crowded market  and a cheaper  colorful plastic model for emerging markets that proved pricier than expected. | Video "
"Dow Jones index announces biggest shake-up in a decade " "NEW YORK In the biggest shake-up of the Dow Jones industrial average in nearly a decade  Goldman Sachs  Visa and Nike will join the storied 30-stock index  with Bank of America  which just two years ago was the largest U.S. bank by assets  one of the names exiting the Dow. | Video "
"Early China iPhone launch gives smugglers a run for their money " "HONG KONG Apple Inc's millions of Chinese fans will celebrate the near-simultaneous launch of the latest iPhone in China and the United States  but one group will have little to cheer - the smugglers."
"MARKET PULSE-Apple  Goldman Sachs  Chemocentryx  Molycorp " "(For more market insights  including options activity  click on  ; for the Day Ahead newsletter http://link.reuters.com/mex49s;  for the Morning News Call newsletter  http://link.reuters.com/nex49s)"
"MARKET PULSE-Apple  Goldman Sachs  ChemoCentryx  Xenoport  Polycom " "(For more market insights  including options activity  click on  ; for the Day Ahead newsletter http://link.reuters.com/mex49s;  for the Morning News Call newsletter  http://link.reuters.com/nex49s)"
"MARKET PULSE-McDonald's  Apple  Model N  Neurocrine  HD Supply  AMD " "(For more market insights  including options activity  click on  ; for the Day Ahead newsletter http://link.reuters.com/mex49s;  for the Morning News Call newsletter  http://link.reuters.com/nex49s)"
"S&P 500 gains for sixth straight session  Apple falls " "NEW YORK Stocks rose on Tuesday  with the S&P 500 index advancing for its longest stretch since early July  as an alternative proposal emerged that could avert a possible Western military strike on Syria. | Video "
"UPDATE 3-Verizon nears record $45-$49 billion bond deal " "* Verizon set to smash Apple's $17bn record for biggest bond"
"US STOCKS-S&P 500 gains for 6th straight session  Apple falls " "* Syria accepts Russia's diplomatic proposal to end crisis"
"Apple  Google back in court over mobile phone patent lawsuit " "WASHINGTON Apple and Google subsidiary Motorola Mobility on Wednesday squared off in court over whether a judge should reopen a lawsuit in which the companies accuse one other of illegally using their patented mobile phone technology."
"Apple  Google back in court over mobile phone patent lawsuit " "WASHINGTON  Sept 11 Apple and Google  subsidiary Motorola Mobility on Wednesday squared off in court over whether a judge should reopen a lawsuit in which the companies accuse one another of illegally using patented mobile phone technology."
"High iPhone price spooks investors  Apple shares drop " "Apple Inc's new iPhones got panned by Wall Street on Wednesday as investors decried one model for being too costly for emerging markets such as China  and dismissed the other model as lacking enough game-changing features. | Video "
"Icahn says bought more Apple stock as shares fell: CNBC " "NEW YORK Activist investor Carl Icahn said he bought more shares of Apple Inc.  on Wednesday as the company's stock price slid."
"Icahn says he bought more Apple stock as shares fell - CNBC " "NEW YORK  Sept 11 Activist investor Carl Icahn said he bought ""quite a bit"" more shares of Apple Inc.  on Wednesday as shares in the company slid."
"UPDATE 3-High iPhone price spooks investors  Apple shares drop " "Sept 11 Apple Inc's new iPhones got panned by Wall Street on Wednesday as investors decried one model for being too costly for emerging markets such as China  and dismissed the other model as lacking enough game-changing features."
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT - Wall St rises for 7th straight session  Apple drops " "NEW YORK  Sept 11 U.S. stocks ended higher on Wednesday  with the S&P 500 rising for a seventh straight day  as chances for an immediate military strike against Syria decreased  while a sell-off at Apple limited gains."
"US STOCKS-Wall St edges up on Syria delay  bets on Fed policy " "NEW YORK  Sept 11 U.S. stocks edged higher on Wednesday  lifting the S&P 500 for its seventh straight day of gains  as concern over a possible U.S.-led strike on Syria ebbed and investors bet the Federal Reserve would trim its stimulus measures only slightly."
"US STOCKS-Wall St rises on Syria talks  Apple falls further " "* Apple extends recent decline after unveiling new iPhones"
"Wall Street rises on Syria talks  Apple falls further " "NEW YORK U.S. stocks closed higher on Wednesday  with the S&P 500 up for a seventh straight day  as geopolitical fears eased amid diplomatic efforts to allow Syria to surrender its chemical weapons  averting a U.S. military strike."
"Engineers searching for smartphone innovation look within " "SAN FRANCISCO As Apple and other smartphone makers find it harder to wow consumers with new devices  engineers think future breakthroughs may depend more on finding new ways to integrate existing components than on inventing more powerful chips."
"Engineers searching for smartphone innovation look within " "SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 12 As Apple and other smartphone makers find it harder to wow consumers with new devices  engineers think future breakthroughs may depend more on finding new ways to integrate existing components than on inventing more powerful chips."
"Seoul shares hit 6-mth high  LG hurt by Apple's weakness " "SEOUL  Sept 12 Seoul shares hit a fresh 6-month high on Thursday as economic optimism outweighed early profit-taking  while easing worries about instability in Syria also lent support."
"TREASURIES-Prices gain as week of massive supply nears end " "* Prices gain after Verizon's record bond  supply nears completion     * Weak euro zone factory output adds to bond bid     * Treasury to sell $13 billion in 30-year bonds     * Fed buys $3.36 bln notes due 2021-23      By Karen Brettell     NEW YORK  Sept 12 U.S. Treasury debt prices rose on Thursday as investors recovered from a mammoth week full of new corporate and government bond supply  before the Treasury sells $13 billion in 30-year bonds  the final sale of $65 billion in new"
"AirBnB picks Ireland for European headquarters " "DUBLIN Fast-growing online holiday-rental service AirBnB is to set up its European headquarters in Ireland  joining other U.S. technology companies Google and Apple  which take advantage of the country's low corporate tax rate."
"INSIGHT-Trigger finger: Apple fires biometrics into the mainstream " "* Fingerprint security offers comfort for commerce  enterprises"
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks  bonds jump after Summers drops Fed bid " "* U.S. dollar falls as Summers withdraw from Fed consideration     * Summers was seen as more hawkish than Yellen     * View that monetary policy to stay easy for longer drives moves     * U.S. stocks advance; Apple limits Nasdaq's rally       By Ryan Vlastelica     NEW YORK  Sept 16 Stocks and bonds on major markets rallied on Monday after former U.S. Treasury Secretary Lawrence Summers withdrew from consideration to be the next chairman of the Federal Reserve  leading investors to "
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks  bonds rally after Summers drops Fed bid " "* U.S. dollar falls as Summers drops out of running for Fed chair     * Summers was seen as more hawkish than Yellen     * Shares  bonds rally on view monetary policy to stay easy for longer     * U.S. stocks advance  though Apple limits Nasdaq's rally       By Ryan Vlastelica     NEW YORK  Sept 16 Stocks and bonds on major markets rallied on Monday after former U.S. Treasury Secretary Lawrence Summers withdrew from consideration to be the next chairman of the Federal Reserve  leadin"
"MARKET PULSE- Apple  Blyth  Micron  Boise  Pluristem  Omeros " "(For more market insights  including options activity  click on  ; for the Day Ahead newsletter http://link.reuters.com/mex49s;  for the Morning News Call newsletter  http://link.reuters.com/nex49s)"
"MARKET PULSE- Apple  Blyth  Micron  Boise  Pluristem  Potash producers " "(For more market insights  including options activity  click on  ; for the Day Ahead newsletter http://link.reuters.com/mex49s;  for the Morning News Call newsletter  http://link.reuters.com/nex49s)"
"MARKET PULSE- Apple  L&L Energy  Blyth  Boise  Potash producers " "(For more market insights  including options activity  click on  ; for the Day Ahead newsletter http://link.reuters.com/mex49s;  for the Morning News Call newsletter  http://link.reuters.com/nex49s)"
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall St mostly up as Summers withdraws  Apple down " "NEW YORK  Sept 16 U.S. stocks rose on Monday after former Treasury Secretary Lawrence Summers withdrew as a candidate for Federal Reserve chairman  removing market uncertainty about what was shaping up to be a contentious confirmation process."
"Apple iPhone 5C orders 'not overwhelming' -carrier source " "Sept 17 Pre-orders for Apple Inc's new plastic-backed  brightly colored iPhone 5C have not been ""overwhelming "" and supply of both that model as well as a more expensive phone has been disappointing  a source at a U.S. wireless carrier told Reuters on Tuesday."
"CORRECTED-US STOCKS-Wall St edges up  expects Fed tapering will be modest " "(Corrects to show Apple shares closed below their 200 day average for the first time since August 12  not August 2012)"
"Imagination Tech confident on full year after licensing wins " "LONDON  Sept 17 Imagination Technologies   the British graphics supplier to Apple  said that its royalty growth in the last quarter continued to be strong  which combined with steady licensing  gave it confidence in its outlook."
"UPDATE 4-Microsoft raises payout 22 pct ahead of investor meet " "Sept 17 Microsoft Corp raised its quarterly dividend by 22 percent and renewed its $40 billion share buyback program  extending an olive branch to investors who are expected to grill its outgoing CEO on Thursday about a costly foray into mobile devices."
"US STOCKS-Futures flat before Fed meeting on future of stimulus " "* Apple in focus after closing below 200-day moving average"
"US STOCKS-Wall St climbs on expectations for modest Fed taper " "* Investors expect modest tapering from the Fed: analysts"
"US STOCKS-Wall St set for flat open before Fed meeting  inflation tame " "* Apple in focus after closing below 200-day moving average"
"US STOCKS-Wall St up on bets Fed tapering will be modest " "* Investors expect modest tapering from the Fed: analysts"
"Apple iPhone fingerprint scanner gets plaudits in early reviews " "SAN FRANCISCO The fingerprint reader on Apple Inc's top-end iPhone 5S received an early thumbs up for ease of use from two influential reviewers  helping dispel concerns about the scanning technology which has been notoriously unreliable in other cellphones."
"Google to form health company led by Genentech chairman " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc said it plans to set up a new company called Calico  headed by Apple Inc and Genentech Chairman Art Levinson  to develop technologies to tackle health issues related to aging."
"MARKET PULSE- Apple  FedEx  Tesla  Aruba  Five Below  Adobe " "(For more market insights  including options activity  click on  ; for the Day Ahead newsletter http://link.reuters.com/mex49s;  for the Morning News Call newsletter  http://link.reuters.com/nex49s)"
"MARKET PULSE- Apple  Fedex  Tesla  Dollar Tree  Five Below  Adobe " "(For more market insights  including options activity  click on  ; for the Day Ahead newsletter http://link.reuters.com/mex49s)"
"UPDATE 1-Apple iPhone fingerprint scanner gets plaudits in early reviews " "SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 17 The fingerprint reader on Apple Inc's top-end iPhone 5S received an early thumbs up for ease of use from two influential reviewers  helping dispel concerns about the scanning technology which has been notoriously unreliable in other cellphones."
"UPDATE 1-Google to form health company led by Genentech chairman " "SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 18 Google Inc said it plans to set up a new company called Calico  headed by Apple Inc and Genentech Chairman Art Levinson  to develop technologies to tackle health issues related to aging."
"Hackers eager to crack fingerprint scanner on iPhone 5S " "BOSTON  Sept 19 Hackers are gearing up for Friday's release of the iPhone 5S  aiming to be the first to crack the device's first-ever fingerprint scanner  a security feature that Apple Inc hopes will set the new model apart from the competition."
"Hackers offered cash  booze to crack iPhone fingerprint security " "BOSTON Hackers are gearing up for Friday's iPhone 5S release with a contest to crack the device's first-ever fingerprint scanner  a high-tech feature that Apple Inc says makes users' data more secure."
"UPDATE 2-Hackers offered cash  booze to crack iPhone fingerprint security " "BOSTON  Sept 19 Hackers are gearing up for Friday's iPhone 5S release with a contest to crack the device's first-ever fingerprint scanner  a high-tech feature that Apple Inc says makes users' data more secure."
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall St ends slightly lower; Apple lifts Nasdaq " "NEW YORK  Sept 19 U.S. stocks retreated slightly on Thursday in the wake of the Federal Reserve's surprise decision to keep its stimulus intact  which had lifted the S&P 500 to a record high."
"Wall Street pulls back following Fed-driven rally " "NEW YORK U.S. stocks retreated slightly on Thursday as investors paused after the Federal Reserve's decision to keep its stimulus intact sparked a rally that lifted the Dow and S&P 500 to record highs. | Video "
"Factbox: A look inside Apple's new iPhone 5S and 5C " "Apple Inc's newest smartphone models hit stores on Friday in many countries across the world  including Australia and China. For the first time  Apple is selling a second smartphone dubbed the ""5C"" featuring a plastic back and bright colors. The pricier ""5S"" now comes in three new colors - gray  silver and gold."
"MARKET PULSE-BlackBerry  Prosensa  Zillow  FireEye  gold stocks " "(For more market insights  including options activity  click on  ; for the Day Ahead newsletter http://link.reuters.com/mex49s;  for the Morning News Call newsletter  http://link.reuters.com/nex49s)"
"MARKET PULSE-Prosensa  Verenium  Cyclacel  Apple  Microsoft " "(For more market insights  including options activity  click on  ; for the Day Ahead newsletter http://link.reuters.com/mex49s;  for the Morning News Call newsletter  http://link.reuters.com/nex49s)"
"Scuffles erupt outside Calif. Apple store as new iPhones released " "Sept 20 Scuffles erupted outside a Southern California Apple Inc store on Friday as fans waited in long lines for the latest versions of the iPhone on their first day available in stores  authorities said."
"Scuffles erupt outside California Apple store as new iPhones released " "Scuffles erupted outside a Southern California Apple Inc  store on Friday as fans waited in long lines for the latest versions of the iPhone on their first day available in stores  authorities said."
"Shares of Apple  chip suppliers rise as iPhones hit stores " "Sept 20 Shares in Apple Inc and key chip suppliers for its new iPhones rose on Friday  as the first day of sales at Apple stores drew long queues and an analyst said the first weekend would likely top the initial sales figures of last year's model."
"Throngs greet Apple's newest iPhones  gold color sells out " "Thousands of iPhone enthusiasts queued up at Apple Inc stores around the world on Friday as two new models of the smartphone went on sale  but Apple's shares ended slightly lower as investors wait for initial sales figures  due as early as next week. | Video "
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall St opens flat  Apple helps Nasdaq " "NEW YORK  Sept 20 U.S. stocks opened flat on Friday as investors digested comments by a senior Federal Reserve official  who said that the central bank's stimulus efforts could be scaled back from as early as October."
"Apple polishes forecast after selling 9 million new iPhones " "Apple Inc sold 9 million new iPhones during their first three days in stores after China joined the list of launch countries for the first time  prompting the company to issue a rosier financial forecast. | Video "
"MARKET PULSE-Apple  BlackBerry  Isis  Groupon  Citigroup  Yongye " "(For more market insights  including options activity  click on STXNEWS/US; for the day ahead newsletter http://link.reuters.com/mex49s;  for the Morning News Call newsletter http://link.reuters.com/faq23t)"
"MARKET PULSE-Apple  Pandora  Sarepta  Cardiome  Bioscrip " "(For more market insights  including options activity  click on STXNEWS/US; for the day ahead newsletter http://link.reuters.com/mex49s;  for the Morning News Call newsletter http://link.reuters.com/faq23t)"
"MARKET PULSE-BlackBerry  Apple  Yelp  Cardiome  Dreamworks  Exone " "(For more market insights  including options activity  click on STXNEWS/US; for the day ahead newsletter http://link.reuters.com/mex49s;  for the Morning News Call newsletter http://link.reuters.com/faq23t)"
"Microsoft revamps Surface tablets to challenge Apple " "NEW YORK/SEATTLE Microsoft Corp unveiled faster  more powerful versions of its Surface tablet computer on Monday in an effort to boost poor sales of its flagship hardware product and mount a stronger challenge to Apple Inc's iPad."
"UPDATE 3-Microsoft revamps Surface tablets to challenge Apple " "NEW YORK/SEATTLE  Sept 23 Microsoft Corp  unveiled faster  more powerful versions of its Surface tablet computer on Monday in an effort to boost poor sales of its flagship hardware product and mount a stronger challenge to Apple Inc's iPad."
"UPDATE 5-Apple polishes forecast after selling 9 mln new iPhones " "Sept 23 Apple Inc sold 9 million new iPhones during their first three days in stores after China joined the list of launch countries for the first time  prompting the company to issue a rosier financial forecast."
"US STOCKS-Wall St falls on Fed officials' comments  Washington worries " "* Positive German  Chinese data outweighed by Fed uncertainty"
"US STOCKS-Wall Street declines on Fed  Washington uncertainty " "* Positive German  Chinese data outweighed by Fed uncertainty"
"US STOCKS-Wall Street falls amid Fed policy worries " "* Positive German  Chinese data outweighed by Fed uncertainty"
"Apple updates iMac with Intel processors " "Apple Inc said it updated the iMac with fourth generation Intel Corp processors  better graphics  next generation Wi-Fi and faster flash storage options."
"Cypress Semiconductor cuts outlook  shares drop " "Cypress Semiconductor Corp cut its third-quarter forecast  citing weakness in mobile handset revenue from Asia  and said it expected its fourth-quarter revenue to be lower than that of the current quarter."
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Asian shares drift lower  Fed gets the blame " "* German Ifo sentiment index headlines in light data diary"
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Shares edge lower as policy uncertainty grips " "* Currencies hug tight ranges  Fed  ECB uncertainty cited"
"Nikkei dips on Fed taper concerns; iPhone suppliers shine " "* Nikkei vulnerable to profit-taking - traders     * iPhone suppliers buck overall market weakness     * Hopes for ""Abenomics"" support market - analyst      By Ayai Tomisawa     TOKYO  Sept 24 Japan's Nikkei share average eased on Tuesday  tracking a fall on Wall Street after Federal Reserve officials suggested the U.S. central bank could still begin scaling back its monetary stimulus later this year.     Bellwether exporters lost ground  with Toyota Motor Corp  falling 0.8 percent  "
"UPDATE 1-Cypress Semiconductor cuts outlook  shares drop " "Sept 24 Cypress Semiconductor Corp cut its third-quarter forecast  citing weakness in mobile handset revenue from Asia  and said it expected its fourth-quarter revenue to be lower than that of the current quarter."
"Amazon unveils new tablets with live video helpdesk " "SEATTLE  Sept 24 Amazon.com Inc  unveiled two new high-definition tablets on Tuesday with a unique on-screen helpdesk feature it hopes will give it an advantage over devices from rivals Apple Inc and Google Inc."
"BlackBuried: Indonesia failings offer lessons for Apple  Samsung " "SINGAPORE/JAKARTA Indonesia has long been a surprising jewel in the crown of BlackBerry Ltd  a rare market where its devices enjoyed mass appeal. But the country also highlights the struggling company's failure to embrace the emerging economies that are leading smartphone sales growth across the globe."
"BlackBuried: Indonesia failings offer lessons for Apple  Samsung " "SINGAPORE/JAKARTA  Sept 25 Indonesia has long been a surprising jewel in the crown of BlackBerry Ltd  a rare market where its devices enjoyed mass appeal. But the country also highlights the struggling company's failure to embrace the emerging economies that are leading smartphone sales growth across the globe."
"France investigates Apple contracts with telcos - report " "PARIS France's finance ministry is investigating the conditions that Apple imposes on mobile operators that sell its smartphones  according to French media BFMTV."
"New Zealand halts apple exports to China after fungus find " "WELLINGTON  Sept 25 New Zealand has suspended apple exports to China after the discovery of a fungus that causes fruit to rot  government officials said on Wednesday."
"Panic button-equipped Amazon Kindles join gadget battle " "SEATTLE Amazon.com Inc has begun selling a juiced-up line-up of new Kindle tablets  many sporting a unique video helpdesk feature it hopes will give it a leg-up over Apple Inc and Google Inc during the holiday season."
"REFILE--France investigates Apple contracts with telcos-report " "PARIS  Sept 25 France's finance ministry is investigating the conditions that Apple imposes on mobile operators that sell its smartphones  according to French media BFMTV."
"UPDATE 1-Panic button-equipped Amazon Kindles join gadget battle " "SEATTLE  Sept 25 Amazon.com Inc has begun selling a juiced-up line-up of new Kindle tablets  many sporting a unique video helpdesk feature it hopes will give it a leg-up over Apple Inc and Google Inc during the holiday season."
"CORRECTED-Samsung dazzles phablet followers with more girth  size " "(In Sept. 25 story  corrects to iPhone 4 in paragraph 18  previously deletes erroneous reference in paragraph 8 that Apple has stuck to 3.5-inch form)"
"Panic button-equipped Amazon Kindles join gadget battle " "SEATTLE Amazon.com Inc has begun selling faster and lighter versions of its Kindle tablet with a unique video helpdesk feature aimed at giving it a leg-up over Apple Inc and Google Inc during the holiday season."
"Smartwatches don't make the grade for luxury brands " "ZURICH Don't expect your $10 000 wristwatch to be surfing the Web or calling your broker any time soon."
"UPDATE 2-Panic button-equipped Amazon Kindles join gadget battle " "SEATTLE  Sept 25 Amazon.com Inc has begun selling faster and lighter versions of its Kindle tablet with a unique video helpdesk feature aimed at giving it a leg-up over Apple Inc and Google Inc during the holiday season."
"Martha Stewart to Apple: come fix my iPad now " "SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 27 Martha Stewart broke her beloved iPad. Can someone from Apple rush over and fix it? She's waiting."
"Panic button-equipped Amazon Kindles join gadget battle " "SEATTLE Amazon.com Inc has begun selling faster and lighter versions of its Kindle tablet with a unique video helpdesk feature aimed at giving it a leg-up over Apple Inc and Google Inc during the holiday season."
"Apple shares get boost on Icahn dinner with CEO Cook " "NEW YORK Shares of Apple Inc. rose about 2 percent on Tuesday on news that billionaire activist investor Carl Icahn had dinner with Apple chief executive Tim Cook on Monday and ""pushed hard"" for a buyback."
"Icahn says firm has $2 billion invested in Apple shares - CNBC " "NEW YORK Activist billionaire investor Carl Icahn said Tuesday on CNBC that his firm has $2 billion invested in shares of technology giant Apple Inc.."
"REFILE-Apple shares get boost on Icahn dinner with CEO Cook " "NEW YORK  Oct 1 Shares of Apple Inc.  rose about 2 percent on Tuesday on news that billionaire activist investor Carl Icahn had dinner with Apple chief executive Tim Cook on Monday and ""pushed hard"" for a buyback."
"UPDATE 1-Apple shares jump on Icahn dinner with CEO Cook " "NEW YORK  Oct 1 Shares of Apple Inc.  rose about 2.5 percent on Tuesday on news that billionaire activist investor Carl Icahn had dinner with Apple chief executive Tim Cook on Monday and ""pushed hard"" for a share buyback."
"US STOCKS-Wall St rebounds as investors expect shutdown to be short-lived " "* U.S. government shutdown could hurt markets if prolonged"
"Apple iPad Mini with sharper display faces delay " "TAIPEI/TOKYO Apple Inc will be unable to widely roll out a new version of the iPad Mini with a high-resolution ""retina"" display this month  people who work in the company's supply chain said  leaving the gadget without the sharper screen found on rival tablets from Google Inc and Amazon.com Inc. | Video "
"Apple shares get boost on Icahn dinner with CEO Cook " "NEW YORK Shares of Apple Inc. rose about 2 percent on Tuesday on news that billionaire activist investor Carl Icahn had dinner with Apple chief executive Tim Cook on Monday and ""pushed hard"" for a buyback."
"RPT-Sharper display Apple iPad Mini faces delay-sources " "TAIPEI/TOKYO  Oct 2 Apple Inc will be unable to widely roll out a new version of the iPad Mini with a high-resolution ""retina"" display this month  people who work in the company's supply chain said  leaving the gadget without the sharper screen found on rival tablets from Google Inc  and Amazon.com Inc."
"Sharper display Apple iPad Mini faces delay-sources " "TAIPEI/TOKYO  Oct 2 Apple Inc will be unable to widely roll out a new version of the iPad Mini with a high-resolution ""retina"" display this month  people who work in the company's supply chain said  leaving the gadget without the sharper screen found on rival tablets from Google Inc  and Amazon.com Inc."
"SoftBank hits 13-1/2 year high as DoCoMo seen struggling to lure clients " "TOKYO Shares of SoftBank Corp  hit the highest since the dot.com bubble on Wednesday  with traders citing short-covering by investors who put aside worries it would add fewer subscribers after rival NTT DoCoMo Inc  also started selling Apple Inc's  iPhone."
"Apple shares get boost on Icahn dinner with CEO Cook " "NEW YORK Shares of Apple Inc. rose about 2 percent on Tuesday on news that billionaire activist investor Carl Icahn had dinner with Apple chief executive Tim Cook on Monday and ""pushed hard"" for a buyback."
"Citigroup fined $30 million after analyst sent report to SAC  others " "BOSTON Citigroup Inc will pay a $30 million fine after one of its analysts improperly sent confidential research on an Apple supplier to big clients including Steven A. Cohen's hedge fund SAC Capital Advisors  a securities regulator said on Thursday."
"Tech investor Sequoia takes stake in flight search firm Skyscanner " "LONDON  Oct 3 Sequoia Capital  a U.S. venture capital firm which has backed groups including Apple  and Google  has taken a minority stake in flight search company Skyscanner  valuing the Edinburgh-based business at $800 million."
"Tech investor Sequoia takes stake in flight search firm Skyscanner " "LONDON Sequoia Capital  a U.S. venture capital firm which has backed groups including Apple and Google  has taken a minority stake in flight search company Skyscanner  valuing the Edinburgh-based business at $800 million."
"UPDATE 1-Citigroup fined $30 mln after analyst sent report to SAC  others " "(Adds comment from Galvin  details on settlement  background)"
"Atlanta woman says she is the voice of Apple's Siri " "ATLANTA  Oct 4 Siri  whose voice do you have?"
"Atlanta woman says she is the voice of Apple's Siri " "The question has intrigued millions of Apple iPhone and iPad fans  who use the devices' voice-activated personal assistant for help with everything from finding restaurants and directions to organizing their day."
"PRESS DIGEST - Wall Street Journal - Oct 4 " "Oct 4 The following are the top stories in the Wall Street Journal. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy."
"REFILE-LG launches sharper-display tablet  joining rivals to tackle Apple " "SEOUL  Oct 7 LG Electronics Inc  introduced on Monday its first tablet with a high-resolution screen  joining global rivals trying to take on Apple Inc's  dominance in the popular small-sized tablet market."
"Apple to introduce new iPads on Oct 22 -AllThingsD " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 8 Apple Inc intends to introduce its latest line-up of iPads on Oct 22  tech blog AllThingsD cited sources familiar with the company's plans as saying  meaning Apple would be updating its tablets in time for holiday shopping."
"Apple to introduce new iPads on October 22: AllThingsD " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc intends to introduce its latest line-up of iPads on October 22  tech blog AllThingsD cited sources familiar with the company's plans as saying  meaning Apple would be updating its tablets in time for holiday shopping."
"UPDATE 3-U.S. ban on some Samsung products to go into effect " "WASHINGTON  Oct 8 Some older Samsung Electronics Co smartphones and tablets could be taken off store shelves in the United States after the U.S. Trade Representative opted not to reverse a ban ordered because the devices infringe Apple Inc patents."
"U.S. ban on some Samsung products to go into effect " "WASHINGTON Some older Samsung Electronics Co smartphones and tablets could be taken off store shelves in the United States after the U.S. Trade Representative opted not to reverse a ban ordered because the devices infringe Apple Inc patents."
"MARKET PULSE-Jos. A. Bank  Apple  Wal-Mart  Yum Brands  CytRx " "U.S. stock index futures rose on Wednesday  indicating the S&P 500 may rebound from Tuesday's drop - its worst since August - after Janet Yellen was picked as the next chairman of the U.S. Federal Reserve. S&P 500 futures rose 6 points  Dow Jones industrial average futures gained 43 points and Nasdaq 100 futures added 10.5 points."
"Apple bets on Burberry chief to burnish retail shine " "SAN FRANCISCO/LONDON Burberry CEO Angela Ahrendts rebuilt the British luxury brand after excessive exposure of its trademark checkered pattern alienated wealthy clientele. Her approach was to embrace digital innovation  build a strong online business  and tap Chinese and Latin American markets. | Video "
"Burberry names Bailey CEO as Ahrendts quits for Apple " "LONDON Burberry boss Angela Ahrendts  who has overseen a doubling in sales and a 250-percent jump in the shares of the British fashion brand  will leave to take up a job at Apple next year and hand over to creative director Christopher Bailey."
"Ireland to close Apple's tax loophole  but leave bigger one open " "LONDON/DUBLIN Ireland said on Tuesday it planned to shut down a much-criticized tax arrangement used by Apple Inc to shelter over $40 billion from taxation - but will leave open an even bigger loophole that means the computer giant is unlikely to pay any more tax."
"Ireland to close Apple's tax loophole  but leave bigger one open " " "
"Measured praise from U.S. senators on Irish tax loophole change " "Oct 15 Two senior U.S. senators on Tuesday lauded Ireland for its decision to close a loophole used by Apple Inc to shelter over $40 billion from taxation  but stressed questions linger about Dublin's role in corporate tax dodging."
"Measured praise from U.S. senators on Irish tax loophole change " "Two senior U.S. senators on Tuesday lauded Ireland for its decision to close a loophole used by Apple Inc  to shelter over $40 billion from taxation  but stressed questions linger about Dublin's role in corporate tax dodging."
"New iPads expected at Apple event set for Oct 22 " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 15 Apple Inc next Tuesday is expected to introduce a new  line-up of iPads that will compete with the latest tablets from Amazon.com Inc  and Samsung Electronics  amid pressure to preserve market share."
"UPDATE 1-UK's FTSE hits October high on U.S. debt deal optimism " "* U.S. Senate leaders talk of ""tremendous progress"" on deal"
"UPDATE 2-Apple bets on Burberry chief to burnish retail shine " "* Burberry went digital  expanded into China under Ahrendts   (Adds pay details of previous Apple retail chief  analyst comment)"
"UPDATE 4-Burberry names Bailey CEO as Ahrendts quits for Apple " "* Angela Ahrendts to step down in mid-2014  to join Apple"
"Apple cuts orders of iPhone 5C as consumers prefer 5S " "TAIPEI/BEIJING Apple Inc is cutting production orders for its plastic-backed iPhone 5C a month after launch  a source familiar with its supply chain said on Wednesday  fueling speculation the cheaper model of its main gadget may have been priced too high. | Video "
"Einhorn's Greenlight up 4.3 percent in third quarter " "NEW YORK David Einhorn's hedge fund Greenlight Capital rose 4.3 percent in the third quarter  bringing the fund's net return for the year to 11.8 percent  according to an investor letter released on Tuesday."
"Prominent attorney named as monitor in Apple e-books case " "NEW YORK Michael Bromwich  a high-profile attorney who recently served as the top U.S. offshore drilling watchdog  has been appointed to monitor Apple Inc's antitrust compliance following a court ruling that the world's largest technology company had conspired to fix e-book prices."
"Prominent attorney named as monitor in Apple e-books case " "NEW YORK  Oct 16 Michael Bromwich  a high-profile attorney and former federal prosecutor who served in President Obama's administration  was appointed external monitor of Apple Inc's antitrust compliance as part of the e-books case brought against the technology giant by the U.S. government."
"SanDisk results top estimates as memory chip prices rebound " "SanDisk Corp  more than tripled its quarterly profit  beating analysts' estimates  after a fire at a rival chip maker increased prices at a time when Apple Inc  and other users of its flash memory chips were launching new products."
"UPDATE 1-Prominent attorney named as monitor in Apple e-books case " "NEW YORK  Oct 16 Michael Bromwich  a high-profile attorney who recently served as the top U.S. offshore drilling watchdog  has been appointed to monitor Apple Inc's antitrust compliance following a court ruling that the world's largest technology company had conspired to fix e-book prices."
"UPDATE 3-Apple cuts orders of iPhone 5C as consumers prefer 5S " "TAIPEI/BEIJING  Oct 16 Apple Inc is cutting production orders for its plastic-backed iPhone 5C a month after launch  a source familiar with its supply chain said on Wednesday  fueling speculation the cheaper model of its main gadget may have been priced too high."
"Fewer iPhone 5C sold than expected  but 5S scarce: Verizon CFO " "NEW YORK Verizon Communications Chief Financial Officer Fran Shammo said Apple Inc's iPhone 5C ""undersold expectations"" in the third quarter  while its pricier iPhone 5S was in short supply."
"UPDATE 2-Samsung offers to stop seeking patent injunctions in Europe " "BRUSSELS  Oct 17 Samsung Electronics  has offered to stop taking rivals such as Apple Inc to court over patent disputes in a move which EU antitrust regulators hope will end the so-called patent war between tech companies in Europe."
"COLUMN-Apple: 'Early adopter' as fashionista " "Oct 18 To much fanfare  Apple announced Tuesday that Angela Ahrendts is resigning as chief executive officer of Burberry and joining the inner circle in Cupertino  California. ""Apple-polishing"" has become the headline du jour. Picturing the soignée Ahrendts surrounded by geeks in jeans and hoodies  we might be forgiven for wondering why Apple feels in need of a fashionista buff-up. After all  there is hardly a product line more shiny-bright than Apple's - or one with less affinity to"
"HTC CEO steps back to focus on fixing smartphone slide: FT " "TAIPEI HTC Corp's chief executive has handed some duties to the company's chairwoman as the smartphone maker struggles to claw back market share from Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  the Financial Times reported."
"HTC CEO steps back to focus on fixing smartphone slide - FT " "TAIPEI  Oct 21 HTC Corp's chief executive has handed some duties to the company's chairwoman as the smartphone maker struggles to claw back market share from Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  the Financial Times reported."
"MARKET PULSE- Apple  McDonald's  Crosstex  Tellabs " "(For more market insights  including options activity  click on  ; for the Day Ahead newsletter http://link.reuters.com/mex49s   for the Morning News Call newsletter  http://link.reuters.com/nex49s)"
"US STOCKS-S&P 500  Dow slip on lackluster earnings " "* McDonald's pulls Dow lower; Apple helps Nasdaq tread water"
"US STOCKS-Wall Street mixed with eyes on earnings " "* Netflix  Texas Instruments to post earnings after the closing bell"
"Apple kicks off Tuesday event  expected to show new iPads " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 22 Apple Inc Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook kicked off a product event on Tuesday at which the company is expected to introduce slimmer  faster iPads in time for the holidays."
"Apple unveils iPad Air  new Macs for holidays " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc on Tuesday offered free upgrades for life on its operating system and business software  and unveiled thinner iPads and faster Mac computers ahead of a competitive holiday shopping season. | Video "
"RPT-UPDATE 2-Nokia launches tablet to join Microsoft gadget push " "ABU DHABI  Oct 22 Nokia has unveiled its first tablet and large-screen smartphones  which will form part of Microsoft's global push to become a leading player in consumer devices when it takes over the Finnish company's handset business."
"T-Mobile US to offer some free data with latest Apple iPad " "NEW YORK  Oct 22 T-Mobile US plans to offer free data downloads of up to 200 megabytes per month to customers who buy the latest Apple Inc iPad  as the No. 4 US mobile service tries to lure cost-conscious customers away from its bigger rivals."
"T-Mobile US to offer some free data with latest Apple iPad " "NEW YORK T-Mobile US plans to offer free data downloads of up to 200 megabytes per month to customers who buy the latest Apple Inc iPad  as the No. 4 US mobile service tries to lure cost-conscious customers away from its bigger rivals."
"UPDATE 3-Nokia launches tablet to join Microsoft gadget push " "ABU DHABI/HELSINKI  Oct 22 Nokia  unveiled its first tablet computer and new large-screen smartphones  which will form part of Microsoft's push in consumer devices when it takes over the Finnish company's handset business."
"UPDATE 5-Apple unveils iPad Air  new Macs for holidays " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 22 Apple Inc on Tuesday offered free upgrades for life on its operating system and business software  and unveiled thinner iPads and faster Mac computers ahead of a competitive holiday shopping season."
"Akamai profit rises 65 pct  shares jump " "Oct 23 Akamai Technologies Inc  whose products help to move content quickly over the Internet  reported a 65 percent rise in profit as mobile activity and app downloads increased after Apple Inc launched its iOS 7 platform."
"Akamai profit rises 65 percent  shares jump " "Akamai Technologies Inc   whose products help to move content quickly over the Internet  reported a 65 percent rise in profit as mobile activity and app downloads increased after Apple Inc  launched its iOS 7 platform."
"Akamai revenue at risk as contract talks with big client loom " "Akamai Technologies Inc   whose products help move content quickly over the Internet  forecast current-quarter revenue largely below analyst estimates  citing the uncertain outcome of contract renegotiations with its biggest media client - widely thought to be Apple Inc ."
"BRIEF-Icahn says thinks Herbalife still 'very undervalued'-Bloomberg tv interview " "NEW YORK  Oct 23 Icahn Says Thinks Herbalife Still 'Very Undervalued' Icahn Says Apple should do a $150 bln tender offer Icahn Says Apple needs a board that goes in and does a 'huge buyback'"
"Icahn says wrote to Apple CEO  will reveal contents on new website " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 23 Billionaire activist investor Carl Icahn  who is urging Apple Inc to expand its share buyback plan  said on Wednesday he has written a letter to Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook and will reveal the contents on a website to be launched on Thursday."
"Seoul shares touch a peak  then retreat on profit taking " "SEOUL  Oct 23 Seoul shares touched their highest point in nearly 27 months  but then retreated back below an index resistance level amid concerns the global economy remains sluggish."
"UPDATE 1-Icahn says wrote to Apple CEO  will reveal contents on new website " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 23 Billionaire activist investor Carl Icahn  who is urging Apple Inc to expand its share buyback plan  said on Wednesday he has written a letter to Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook and will reveal the contents on a website to be launched on Thursday."
"Ex-Apple CEO Sculley mulling BlackBerry bid: report " "TORONTO Former Apple Inc Chief Executive John Sculley is exploring a joint bid for smartphone maker BlackBerry Ltd with Canadian partners  the Globe and Mail reported on Wednesday  citing unnamed sources."
"Icahn raises stake in Apple  criticized by PIMCO's Gross " "Bond King Bill Gross  co-chief investment officer of PIMCO  butted heads on Thursday with billionaire investor Carl Icahn  telling Icahn to leave Apple Inc alone after he again urged the iPhone maker to initiate a tender offer to buy back $150 billion of its shares."
"Icahn says to withhold shares from proposed Apple buyback " "Oct 24 Billionaire investor Carl Icahn said he would withhold his shares of Apple Inc from a $150 billion buyback that he has proposed for the iPhone maker."
"Market Chatter- Corporate finance press digest " "Oct 24 The following corporate finance-related stories were reported by media:"
"Pimco's Gross tells Icahn to leave Apple alone " "Bill Gross  the co-chief investment officer at $1.97 trillion bond manager Pimco  lambasted billionaire investor Carl Icahn on Thursday for his involvement in Apple Inc's strategy  but he failed to elicit an equally biting response from the veteran activist."
"Tesla hires Apple VP to lead vehicle development " "DETROIT  Oct 24 Tesla Motors Inc  maker of the Model S electric car  hired a former Apple Inc  executive to lead development of the electric carmaker's new vehicles."
"Tesla hires Apple VP to lead vehicle development " "DETROIT Tesla Motors Inc   maker of the Model S electric car  hired a former Apple Inc  executive to lead development of the electric carmaker's new vehicles."
"UPDATE 2-Pimco's Gross tells Icahn to leave Apple alone " "Oct 24 Bill Gross  the co-chief investment officer at $1.97 trillion bond manager Pimco  lambasted billionaire investor Carl Icahn on Thursday for his involvement in Apple Inc's strategy  but he failed to elicit an equally biting response from the veteran activist."
"UPDATE 3-Icahn raises stake in Apple  criticized by PIMCO's Gross " "Oct 24 ""Bond King"" Bill Gross  co-chief investment officer of PIMCO  butted heads on Thursday with billionaire investor Carl Icahn  telling Icahn to leave Apple Inc alone after he again urged the iPhone maker to initiate a tender offer to buy back $150 billion of its shares."
"WiLan plunges after losing patent case against Apple " "TORONTO Shares in Canadian patent licensing company WiLan Inc plunged almost 23 percent on Thursday after a jury ruled that Apple did not infringe a patent it held  leading several analysts to downgrade their view of the stock."
"As risk in corporates rises  banks are new safe play " "Oct 25 (IFR) - After years of bad press  banks have become the safe play in the bond market while corporates are the pariahs - a role reversal underscored this week as investors snapped up about US$14bn of bank bonds while Apple came under shareholder attack."
"Nikkei falls  heads for 1st weekly loss in 3 weeks; Murata jumps " "* Nikkei sheds 1 pct  Topix down 0.9 pct     * Investors' attention turns to domestic earnings     * Murata up after raising half-year profit forecast      By Tomo Uetake     TOKYO  Oct 25 Japan's Nikkei stock average sagged on Friday morning as investors fretted over the yen's level against the dollar  and opted to wait for a big week in the earnings season to confirm that Corporate Japan is in good health.     The benchmark Nikkei shed 1 percent to 14 351.34  after advancing 0.4 pe"
"UPDATE 2-Norway oil fund to invest more in China  urges openness " "* Will not address tax avoidance with Google  Apple  Starbucks"
"Blackberry not a strategic fit for us -SAP CFO in magazine " "FRANKFURT  Oct 26 German business software group SAP is not interested in bidding for troubled smart phone maker Blackberry  its chief financial officer told a German magazine."
"Apple's results disappoint ahead of holiday quarter " "Apple Inc's profit and margins slid despite selling 33.8 million iPhones in its September quarter  prompting a brief but sharp selloff as disappointed investors cashed in some of the stock's recent strong gains. | Video "
"BRIEF-Apple CEO says will announce any capital return changes in new year " "SEATTLE  Oct 28 * Apple inc ceo says board and management will consider wide range of capital return issues and announce any changes to current program in first part of new calendar year."
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Rally on Fed talk fades  dollar struggles " "LONDON  Oct 28 World share gains stalled near a six-year high and the dollar steadied on Monday as a rally built on expectations the U.S. Federal Reserve will stick with its loose monetary policy at a meeting this week ran out of steam."
"Instant View: Apple's quarterly sales fail to excite investors " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc's quarterly revenue barely beat Wall Street's heightened expectations after it sold a solid 33.8 million iPhones in the September quarter  but gross margins and profit slid  disappointing some investors."
"UPDATE 4-Apple's results fail to excite ahead of holiday quarter " "Oct 28 Apple Inc's profit and margins slid despite selling  33.8 million iPhones in its September quarter  prompting a brief but sharp selloff as disappointed investors cashed in some of the stock's recent strong gains."
"US STOCKS-Futures edge higher  Apple to highlight earnings " "* S&P 500 hit record close Friday after three weeks of gains"
"US STOCKS-Futures point to flat open after rally " "* S&P 500 hit record close Friday after three weeks of gains"
"US STOCKS-S&P 500 ends at record high on Fed hopes " "* Dow down 0.01 pct  S&P 500 up 0.1 pct  Nasdaq down 0.1 pct"
"US STOCKS-S&P 500 ends at record on Fed hopes; Dow  Nasdaq flat " "* Dow down 0.01 pct  S&P 500 up 0.1 pct  Nasdaq down 0.1 pct"
"US STOCKS-Wall St inches higher on Fed expectations; Apple up " "NEW YORK  Oct 28 U.S. stocks edged higher on Monday  pushing the S&P 500 to another intraday high  with expectations high the Federal Reserve will keep its stimulus in place for the time being."
"Apple shares steady as worries about margins ease " "Apple Inc's shares rose slightly on Tuesday after the iPhone maker clarified its margin outlook by saying it would defer $900 million of revenue during the key Christmas holiday period  prompting analysts to raise price targets on the stock."
"Apple shares steady as worries about margins ease " "Oct 29 Apple Inc's shares rose slightly on Tuesday after the iPhone maker clarified its margin outlook by saying it would defer $900 million of revenue during the key Christmas holiday period  prompting analysts to raise price targets on the stock."
"Apple still rules in Japan as carriers battle to sell iPhones " "TOKYO Apple Inc's disappointing third quarter was nowhere in evidence in Japan  where sales increased more than 40 percent as the highly anticipated launch of the new iPhone by Japan's biggest mobile firm boosted sales - at rival carriers."
"Apple still rules in Japan as carriers battle to sell iPhones " "TOKYO  Oct 29 Apple Inc's disappointing third quarter was nowhere in evidence in Japan  where sales increased more than 40 percent as the highly anticipated launch of the new iPhone by Japan's biggest mobile firm boosted sales - at rival carriers."
"Smartphone shipments jump in third quarter on China demand -IDC " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 29 Global smartphone shipments jumped 39 percent in the quarter ended Sept. 30  while brisk demand for low-priced Android devices in China eroded Apple's market share."
"UPDATE 4-Nokia sees life in remaining business after Microsoft phones sale " "* Lumia sales rise to 8.8 mln units  still lags far behind Samsung and Apple   (Adds latest industry rankings estimates in paragraph 4)"
"U.S. consumer spending gauge rises  but confidence weakens " "WASHINGTON A gauge of U.S. consumer spending rose in September as Americans likely snapped up Apple's new iPhone and bought leisure goods  but falling car sales pointed to sluggish economic growth."
"US STOCKS-Dow  S&P 500 end at record highs on stimulus hopes " "* Consumer confidence sinks on worries about government shutdown"
"US STOCKS-Wall St edges up  S&P 500 extends record high " "* Retail sales dip in Sept  shutdown weighs on confidence"
"WRAPUP 4-U.S. consumer spending gauge rises but confidence weakens " "* Producer prices dip 0.1 percent on month  up 0.3 percent on year"
"Apple's iPad Air is a major improvement  but pricier than competitors: reviews " "Apple Inc has not reinvented the wheel with the iPad Air  but the thinner device  priced higher than many of its competitors  is a major improvement on a successful product  the reviewers wrote on Tuesday."
"Apple's iPad Air is a major improvement  but pricier than competitors - reviews " "Oct 30 Apple Inc has not reinvented the wheel with the iPad Air but the thinner device  priced higher than many of its competitors  is a major improvement on a successful product  the reviewers wrote on Tuesday."
"China Mobile flags 4G on website  stokes iPhone speculation " "BEIJING China Mobile has put an advert for the faster 4G mobile network on its website  raising expectations that a long-awaited distribution deal between the world's largest mobile carrier and Apple Inc may be announced as early as next week."
"Nikkei hits 1-week closing low  hurt by Sony  Nitto Denko " "TOKYO  Nov 1 Japan's Nikkei fell to a one-week closing low on Friday  dragged down by Sony Corp  Apple Inc supplier Nitto Denko Corp and NTT Data Corp  after they sharply lowered their earnings guidance.     Gains in Panasonic Corp and mobile operator SoftBank Corp offered some respite  however.     The Nikkei fell 0.9 percent to 14 201.57 points  reversing earlier gains and adding to Thursday's 1.2 percent slide. Still  the benchmark was up 0.8 percent this week and is up 37 percent"
"New Zealand/Australia Morning Call-Global markets " "-----------------------(07:20 / 1820 GMT)-----------------------  Stock Markets                                                  S&P/ASX 200    5 411.12  -14.37  NZSX 50       4 913.83   +4.11 DJIA          15 615.55  +69.80  Nikkei       14 201.57 -126.37 NASDAQ         3 922.04   +2.34  FTSE          6 734.74   +3.31 S&P 500        1 761.64   +5.10  Hang Seng    23 249.79  +43.42 SPI 200 Fut    5 414.00  +24.00  TRJCRB Index    274.96   -2.90   Bonds                                            "
"RPT-New Zealand/Australia Morning Call-Global markets " "(Repeats to additional subscribers) -----------------------(07:20 / 1820 GMT)----------------------  Stock Markets                                                  S&P/ASX 200    5 411.12  -14.37  NZSX 50       4 913.83   +4.11 DJIA          15 615.55  +69.80  Nikkei       14 201.57 -126.37 NASDAQ         3 922.04   +2.34  FTSE          6 734.74   +3.31 S&P 500        1 761.64   +5.10  Hang Seng    23 249.79  +43.42 SPI 200 Fut    5 414.00  +24.00  TRJCRB Index    274.96   -2.90   Bonds         "
"UPDATE 1-New Zealand/Australia Morning Call-Global markets " "(Updates numbers throughout  Adds Sydney stocks outlook) -----------------------(06:28 / 1928 GMT)----------------------  Stock Markets                                                  S&P/ASX 200    5 411.12  -14.37  NZSX 50       4 913.83   +4.11 DJIA          15 615.55  +69.80  Nikkei        14 201.57 -126.37 NASDAQ       #N/A Acces+#N/A Ac  FTSE           6 734.74   +3.31 S&P 500        1 761.64   +5.10  Hang Seng     23 206.37  +43.42 SPI 200 Fut    5 414.00  +24.00  TRJCRB Index     274.96"
"Taiwan branding stymied by its success at making others' gadgets " "TAIPEI  Nov 5 Taiwan's success at designing and mass producing must-have gadgets for branded rivals such as Apple Inc makes it tougher for its companies trying to launch aspirational consumer brands of their own."
"Taiwan branding stymied by its success at making others' gadgets " "TAIPEI Taiwan's success at designing and mass producing must-have gadgets for branded rivals such as Apple Inc makes it tougher for its companies trying to launch aspirational consumer brands of their own."
"UPDATE 1-Carl Icahn says no better time to be an activist investor " "NEW YORK  Nov 4 Carl Icahn's publicly traded investment vehicle  Icahn Enterprises L.P.  reported strong third-quarter results on Monday and the billionaire said now is the best time ever to be an activist investor."
"Apple to open manufacturing plant in Arizona " "Apple Inc will open a manufacturing facility in Arizona in partnership with mineral crystal specialist GT Advanced Technologies Inc to make sapphire materials for Apple's popular electronics devices."
"Apple to open manufacturing plant in Arizona " "Nov 4 Apple Inc will open a manufacturing facility in Arizona in partnership with mineral crystal specialist GT Advanced Technologies Inc to make sapphire materials for Apple's popular electronics devices."
"HTC expects revenue to drop in Q4 " "TAIPEI  Nov 5 Taiwan's HTC Corp  expects revenue to drop in the fourth quarter compared to the previous three months as the smartphone maker loses more ground in a market dominated by Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics."
"Investors eye Samsung's cash pile at rare strategy briefing " "SEOUL  Nov 6 Investors are likely to press Samsung Electronics Co on dividends and plans to sustain growth as the world's biggest smartphone maker holds its first analysts' briefing in eight years on Wednesday."
"US STOCKS-Wall St declines on profit taking after two-day climb " "* Indexes off: Dow 0.56 pct  S&P 0.52 pct  Nasdaq 0.45 pct"
"US STOCKS-Wall St drifts after two-day climb  data supports " "NEW YORK  Nov 5 U.S. stocks were little changed on Tuesday following two days of gains on Wall Street as investors weighed the implications of strong economic data on the path of monetary policy over the next several months."
"Investors eye Samsung's cash pile at rare strategy briefing " "SEOUL Investors are likely to press Samsung Electronics Co on dividends and plans to sustain growth as the world's biggest smartphone maker holds its first analysts' briefing in eight years on Wednesday."
"Samsung Electronics vows more aggressive investment  targets tablets " "SEOUL Samsung Electronics Co Ltd vowed to double its dividend yield  invest in new technology and boost marketing as it sought to topple Apple Inc in the mobile devices segment and ease investor concerns over its sagging share price."
"UPDATE 3-Samsung Elec vows more aggressive investment  targets tablets " "* CFO says to modify dividend policy based on target yield"
"Exclusive: BlackBerry board rejected proposals to break up company - sources " "NEW YORK/TORONTO BlackBerry Ltd's board does not believe a break-up of the Canadian smartphone maker is currently in its best interests  even though Microsoft Corp  Apple Inc and Lenovo Group Ltd  among others  have expressed interest in acquiring parts of the company  according to people familiar with the discussions."
"Exclusive - Hot tech start-up Box picks banks for '14 IPO - sources " "NEW YORK Data storage company Box  one of Silicon Valley's highly anticipated IPO candidates  has selected Morgan Stanley  Credit Suisse and JPMorgan Chase & Co to lead a proposed initial public offering  according to three people familiar with the matter."
"Hon Hai mulls Arizona investment  says not connected to Apple " "TAIPEI Hon Hai Precision Industry   the major maker of Apple Inc  products  said on Saturday it was considering building a plant in Arizona to make large panels and large-panel TVs to tap the massive U.S. market."
"Hon Hai mulls Arizona investment  says not connected to Apple " "TAIPEI  Nov 9 Hon Hai Precision  the major maker of Apple products  said on Saturday it is considering building a plant in Arizona to make large panels and large-panel TVs."
"UPDATE 1-Hon Hai mulls Arizona investment  says not connected to Apple " "TAIPEI  Nov 9 Hon Hai Precision Industry   the major maker of Apple Inc products  said on Saturday it was considering building a plant in Arizona to make large panels and large-panel TVs to tap the massive U.S. market."
"Apple working on curved iPhone screens  enhanced sensors: report " "Nov 10 Apple Inc is developing new iPhone designs including bigger screens with curved glass and enhanced sensors that can detect different levels of pressure  Bloomberg reported on Sunday  citing a unnamed person familiar with the plans."
"UPDATE 1-Apple working on curved iPhone screens  enhanced sensors: report " "Nov 10 Apple Inc is developing new iPhone designs including bigger screens with curved glass and enhanced sensors that can detect different levels of pressure  Bloomberg reported on Sunday  citing a unnamed person familiar with the plans."
"Icahn spoke again with Apple's Cook on stock buyback: CNBC " "NEW YORK Activist investor Carl Icahn has spoken with Apple Inc. Chief Executive Tim Cook again to discuss a potential stock buyback  cable television network CNBC reported on Monday."
"Icahn spoke again with Apple's Cook on stock buyback - CNBC " "NEW YORK  Nov 11 Activist investor Carl Icahn has spoken with Apple Inc. Chief Executive Tim Cook again to discuss a potential stock buyback  cable television network CNBC reported on Monday."
"Taiwan's Pegatron Q3 profit slightly lags forecasts " "TAIPEI  Nov 11 Apple Inc assembler Pegatron Corp reported a lower-than-expected third-quarter net profit of T$2.48 billion ($84.29 million) on Monday as order cutbacks for the cheaper iPhone 5C took a bite out of the Taipei-based contract manufacturer's bottom line."
"Apple's iPad Mini with retina display to go on sale from Tuesday " "Nov 12 Apple Inc said its iPad Mini with retina display will be available beginning Tuesday starting at $399 in the United States."
"Apple's iPad Mini with retina display to go on sale Tuesday " "Apple Inc said its iPad Mini with retina display will be available beginning Tuesday starting at $399 in the United States."
"Hon Hai's consumer-led shift to boost margins  cut costs " "TAIPEI  Nov 13 Hon Hai Precision Industry's  decision to move away from major client Apple Inc  and the lower-value electronics contract manufacturing business is a long-term bet that will improve margins and offset rising labour costs."
"Apple  Samsung retrial kicks off over patent damages " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  Nov 13 An Apple  attorney on Wednesday said Samsung Electronics  should pay $379 million for violating patents on the iPhone  as a damages retrial between the two mobile giants got underway."
"Apple  Samsung retrial kicks off over patent damages " "SAN JOSE  California Apple squared off against Samsung Electronics at a damages retrial on Wednesday  as the iPhone maker once again tries to secure a legal victory against its biggest mobile rival."
"Apple under investigation in Italy for alleged tax fraud-source " "MILAN  Nov 13 U.S. tech giant Apple is under investigation in Milan for allegedly hiding more than 1 billion euros ($1.34 billion) from the Italian taxman  a judicial source with direct knowledge of the matter told Reuters  confirming a local media report."
"Jury picked in retrial between Apple and Samsung " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  Nov 12 A jury was selected on Tuesday for a retrial between Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  with hundreds of millions of dollars at stake between the two mobile giants."
"Los Angeles school board looks at laptops after troubled iPad rollout " "LOS ANGELES  Nov 13 The Los Angeles school board  in the middle of a troubled $1 billion plan to equip each student with an iPad  has voted to try laptops at some high schools before deciding whether to give all its 650 000 pupils a tablet."
"Los Angeles school board looks at laptops after troubled iPad rollout " "LOS ANGELES The Los Angeles school board  in the middle of a troubled $1 billion plan to equip each student with an iPad  has voted to try laptops at some high schools before deciding whether to give all its 650 000 pupils a tablet."
"RPT-Hon Hai's consumer-led shift to boost margins  cut costs " "TAIPEI  Nov 13 Hon Hai Precision Industry's  decision to move away from major client Apple Inc  and the lower-value electronics contract manufacturing business is a long-term bet that will improve margins and offset rising labour costs."
"UPDATE 1-Hon Hai's consumer-led shift to boost margins  cut costs " "* Hon Hai says Q3 net profit T$30.75 bln vs consensus T$25.99 bln"
"UPDATE 2-Apple  Samsung retrial kicks off over patent damages " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  Nov 13 Apple squared off against Samsung Electronics at a damages retrial on Wednesday  as the iPhone maker once again tries to secure a legal victory against its biggest mobile rival."
"UPDATE 2-Italy investigates Apple for alleged tax fraud -sources " "* Apple allegedly hid 1 bln euros from Italy's taxman -sources"
"Apple marketing executive says Samsung hurt iPhone  iPad demand " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  Nov 15 A top Apple Inc  executive testified on Friday that Samsung Electronics Co Ltd undermined his company's marketing efforts  reputation and business by selling devices that copied the iPhone and iPad."
"Column: Inside the Apple and Google smartphone war " "This is an excerpt from DOGFIGHT: How Apple and Google Went to War and Started a Revolution by Fred Vogelstein  published in October 2013 by Sarah Crichton Books  an imprint of Farrar  Straus and Giroux  LLC."
"CORRECTED-Icahn owned 3.9 million shares of Apple as of Sept. 30 -filing " "(Corrects seventh paragraph to say Icahn Enterprises L.P. shares up more than 158 percent)"
"Icahn owned 3.9 million shares of Apple as of September 30: filing " "NEW YORK Activist investor Carl Icahn disclosed Thursday that he owned about 3.88 million shares of technology giant Apple Inc.  at the end of September  a regulatory filing showed."
"UPDATE 1-Apple marketing executive says Samsung hurt iPhone  iPad demand " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  Nov 15 A top Apple Inc  executive testified on Friday that Samsung Electronics Co Ltd undermined his company's marketing efforts  reputation and business by selling devices that copied the iPhone and iPad."
"Apple buys Israel's PrimeSense for $345 mln -report " "JERUSALEM  Nov 17 Apple has bought PrimeSense  an Israeli maker of chips that enable three-dimensional (3D) machine vision  for $345 million  the Calcalist financial newspaper reported on Sunday without citing sources."
"BRIEF-Apple shares down following Icahn's comments at Reuters summit " "NEW YORK  Nov 18 Apple Inc :  * Shares down 1 percent following carl icahn's comments at Reuters summit"
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Most U.S. stocks retreat after new highs  dollar falls " "* Hong Kong-listed Chinese shares rise 5.7 pct on reform agenda"
"Icahn says would 'never' push Apple to buy Nuance " "NEW YORK Activist investor Carl Icahn said Monday that he would not push technology giant Apple Inc. to buy Nuance Communications Inc.  maker of the software that runs the Siri feature on Apple's iPhones."
"Icahn warns stock market could face 'big drop' " "Activist investor Carl Icahn on Monday said there was a chance the stock market could suffer a big decline  saying valuations are rich and earnings at many companies are fueled more by low borrowing costs than management's efforts to boost results. | Video "
"REUTERS SUMMIT-Icahn cautious on stocks  will not walk away from Apple " "Nov 18 Activist investor Carl Icahn said on Monday he is ""very cautious"" on the stock market  saying he could see a ""big drop"" because earnings at many companies are fueled more by low borrowing costs rather than the strength of management."
"REUTERS SUMMIT-Icahn cautious on stocks  will not walk away from Apple " "Nov 18 Activist investor Carl Icahn said on Monday he is ""very cautious"" on the stock market  saying he could see a ""big drop"" because earnings at many companies are fueled more by low borrowing costs than management's efforts to boost results."
"REUTERS SUMMIT-Icahn says would 'never' push Apple to buy Nuance " "(For other news from Reuters Global Investment Outlook Summit  click on http://www.reuters.com/summit/Investment13)"
"UPDATE 3-U.S. appeals court revives Apple bid for Samsung injunction " "WASHINGTON  Nov 18 A U.S. appeals court on Monday breathed new life into Apple's long-running attempt to secure an injunction banning the sale of some devices made by Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  ordering a California judge to reconsider imposing a permanent sales ban on some Samsung products."
"U.S. appeals court revives Apple bid for Samsung injunction " "WASHINGTON A U.S. appeals court on Monday breathed new life into Apple's long-running attempt to secure an injunction banning the sale of some devices made by Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  ordering a California judge to reconsider imposing a permanent sales ban on some Samsung products."
"US STOCKS-Dow  S&P pull back from records after Icahn's caution " "* Icahn cautious on stocks  but will not walk away from Apple"
"In retrial  Apple and Samsung make final pitches to jury " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  Nov 19 Apple Inc  argued in court on Tuesday that Samsung had failed to present meaningful evidence to rebut allegations that the Korean electronics giant had improperly used the iPhone maker's patented technology."
"In retrial  Apple and Samsung make final pitches to jury " "SAN JOSE  California Apple Inc tried to persuade U.S. jurors to keep intact a historic verdict it won against Samsung Electronics Co Ltd last year  while the Korean company argued that Apple has overstated its injuries from patent violations."
"Trader gets 30 months in prison for $1 billion Apple stock scheme " "A former trader was sentenced to 2 1/2 years in prison on Tuesday for an unauthorized purchase of about $1 billion in Apple Inc stock that eventually led to the demise of financial services firm Rochdale Securities."
"Trader gets 30 months in prison for $1 bln Apple stock scheme " "Nov 19 A former trader was sentenced to 2 1/2 years in prison on Tuesday for an unauthorized purchase of about $1 billion in Apple Inc stock that eventually led to the demise of financial services firm Rochdale Securities."
"UPDATE 2-In retrial  Apple and Samsung make final pitches to jury " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  Nov 19 Apple Inc  tried to persuade U.S. jurors to keep intact a historic verdict it won against Samsung Electronics Co Ltd last year  while the Korean company argued that Apple has overstated its injuries from patent violations."
"Trader gets 30 months in prison for $1 billion Apple stock scheme " "A former trader was sentenced to 2 1/2 years in prison on Tuesday for an unauthorized purchase of about $1 billion in Apple Inc stock that eventually led to the demise of financial services firm Rochdale Securities."
"UPDATE 1-Trader gets 30 months in prison for $1 bln Apple stock scheme " "Nov 19 A former trader was sentenced to 2 1/2 years in prison on Tuesday for an unauthorized purchase of about $1 billion in Apple Inc stock that eventually led to the demise of financial services firm Rochdale Securities."
"AIMCo's head says BlackBerry proposals lacked a turnaround plan " "CALGARY  Alberta  Nov 21 The head of one of Canada's top pension funds confirmed on Thursday his firm was involved in talks over a potential buyout of BlackBerry Ltd  but said he never saw a business plan he was confident would turn around the once-dominant smartphone maker."
"AIMCo's head says BlackBerry proposals lacked a turnaround plan " "CALGARY  Alberta The head of one of Canada's top pension funds confirmed on Thursday his firm was involved in talks over a potential buyout of BlackBerry Ltd but said he never saw a business plan he was confident would turn around the once-dominant smartphone maker."
"Einhorn touts Apple  Micron  still short on Green Mtn  Chipotle " "Nov 21 Greenlight Capital President David Einhorn said he has taken a stake in Micron Technology Inc  because the chipmaker stands to benefit from industry consolidation  and defended his investment in Apple Inc  by citing the company's software sales."
"House panel passes bill targeting 'patent trolls' " "WASHINGTON A U.S. congressional panel on Wednesday approved a bill targeting patent ""trolls "" companies that buy or license patents from others and then aggressively pursue licensing fees or file infringement lawsuits."
"UPDATE 3-U.S. jury awards Apple $290 mln in retrial against Samsung " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  Nov 21 A U.S. jury awarded Apple Inc about $290 million in a damages retrial against Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  restoring a large chunk of a historic verdict the iPhone maker won last year."
"U.S. jury awards Apple $290.45 mln in retrial against Samsung " "SAN FRANCISCO  Nov 21 A U.S. jury on Thursday awarded Apple Inc $290.45 million in a damages retrial against Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  the latest battle in global patent litigation between the two mobile giants."
"U.S. jury reaches verdict in Apple vs. Samsung damages retrial " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  Nov 21 A U.S. jury reached a verdict on Thursday in a damages retrial between Apple Inc  and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  a court official announced  part of global patent litigation between the two."
"Apple supplier Hon Hai to invest $40 million in US plant " "TAIPEI  Nov 22 Taiwan's Hon Hai Precision Industry Co Ltd  the world's largest electronics manufacturer  said on Friday it plans to invest $40 million in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania as part of its diversification away from its low-margin contract business."
"CORRECTED-UPDATE 1-Smart-device launches set to boost Laird revenue (March 1) " "(Corrects paragraph 7 to say Laird supplied antennae  not anti-heat devices  for the London Underground)"
"Smart-device launches set to boost Laird revenue " "Laird Plc   whose products include electronic components used in Apple Inc's  iPhones and iPads  said it expected 2013 revenue to be boosted by the product launches of three or four of its customers despite a relatively flat start to the year."
"Apple acquires Israel's PrimeSense in a $350 mln deal - Bloomberg " "Nov 25 Apple Inc agreed to buy Israel-based PrimeSense Ltd  a developer of chips that enable three-dimensional machine vision  for about $350 million  Bloomberg reported on Sunday citing a source."
"COLUMN-Seeking tax losses in a winning year " "NEW YORK  Nov 25 Investors who bet on the U.S. stock market have done very well this year - the Standard & Poor's 500 stock index is up more than 25 percent since 2013 dawned."
"Nuance profit forecast hit by shift to subscriptions " "Software maker Nuance Communications Inc forecast fiscal 2014 profit below expectations as its shift to a subscription-based business model hits margins and the company struggles to hold on to its pricing in the handsets business."
"UPDATE 2-Apple acquires Israeli 3D chip developer PrimeSense " "JERUSALEM  Nov 25 Apple Inc has bought Israel-based PrimeSense Ltd  a developer of chips that enable three-dimensional machine vision  the companies said on Monday  a move that signals gesture-controlled technologies in new devices from the maker of iPhones and iPads."
"Apple supplier Biel Crystal violates workers rights: HK activists " "BEIJING Biel Crystal Manufactory Ltd  a Hong-Kong based company that makes screens for Apple Inc  is violating workers' rights at its Chinese factories  a Hong Kong rights group alleged in a report."
"Apple supplier Biel Crystal violates workers rights-HK activists " "BEIJING  Nov 26 Biel Crystal Manufactory Ltd  a Hong-Kong based company that makes screens for Apple Inc   is violating workers' rights at its Chinese factories  a Hong Kong rights group alleged in a report."
"CORRECTED-US STOCKS-Wall St gains on data; HP  Apple lift Nasdaq " "(Removes bullet point on Nasdaq; Corrects third paragraph to say Nasdaq hit intraday high since 2000)"
"Samsung's marketing splurge doesn't always bring bang-for-buck " "SEOUL  Nov 28 Samsung Electronics Co  is expected to spend around $14 billion - more than Iceland's GDP - on advertising and marketing this year  but it doesn't always get value for money."
"Samsung's marketing splurge doesn't always bring bang-for-buck " "SEOUL Samsung Electronics Co is expected to spend around $14 billion - more than Iceland's GDP - on advertising and marketing this year  but it doesn't always get value for money."
"US STOCKS-Dow and S&P 500 hit records  Nasdaq lifted by tech " "* U.S. jobless claims fall; Chicago PMI data tops forecasts"
"US STOCKS-Nasdaq climbs as tech shares rally after HP results " "* U.S. jobless claims fall  signaling better labor market"
"U.S. judge dismisses Apple consumer lawsuit over data privacy " "A California federal judge has dismissed a consumer lawsuit over data privacy against Apple Inc  saying the plaintiffs had failed to show they had relied on any alleged company misrepresentations and that they had suffered harm."
"U.S. judge dismisses Apple consumer lawsuit over data privacy " "Nov 27 A California federal judge has dismissed a consumer lawsuit over data privacy against Apple Inc  saying the plaintiffs had failed to show they had relied on any alleged company  misrepresentations and that they had suffered harm."
"Taiwan stocks rise again  Apple suppliers jump " "TAIPEI  Nov 29 Taiwan stocks rose 0.3 percent on early Friday morning  led by gains in Apple Inc  supplier such as Largan Precision amid investor hopes of solid iPhone 5S sales in the Christmas shopping season.     Camera phone lens maker Largan Precision and Hon Hai Precision  the world's largest electronics assembler  added 3 percent and 1.6 percent  respectively.       At around 0220 GMT  the main TAIEX index had climbed to 8 396.82 points  beating other regional bourses and exten"
"Apple buys social analytics startup Topsy " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc has acquired social media search and analytics startup Topsy  an unusual purchase for a hardware-focused company that has made few forays into social networking."
"Apple buys social analytics startup Topsy " "SAN FRANCISCO  Dec 2 Apple Inc has acquired social media search and analytics startup Topsy  an unusual purchase for a hardware-focused company that has made few forays into social networking."
"China Mobile briefly takes pre-orders for iPhones -Fortune.com " "China Mobile Ltd  the world's largest mobile phone carrier  has quietly begun taking pre-orders for Apple Inc's iPhones  according to a report on Fortune.com."
"China Mobile briefly takes pre-orders for iPhones -Fortune.com " "Dec 3 China Mobile Ltd  the world's largest mobile phone carrier  has quietly begun taking pre-orders for Apple Inc's iPhones  according to a report on Fortune.com."
"Deals of the day- Mergers and acquisitions " "(Adds Adcock Ingram  Energa  Nordea Bank  Alitalia  Ben Venue  TIM Participacoes  Douglas  Mercator; updates Novartis  OncoMed  Kerning  Malaysia Airports)"
"UPDATE 1-China Mobile briefly takes pre-orders for iPhones -Fortune.com " "Dec 3 China Mobile Ltd  the world's largest mobile phone carrier  has quietly begun taking pre-orders for Apple Inc's iPhones  according to a report on Fortune.com."
"US STOCKS-Futures decline on Fed taper timing concerns " "NEW YORK  Dec 3 U.S. stock index futures fell on Tuesday  indicating the S&P 500 may fall for a third consecutive day on concerns a reduction in stimulus by the Federal Reserve may be on the horizon earlier than some had anticipated."
"US STOCKS-Wall St declines for third day  led by consumer stocks " "* Tesla's stock jumps after Morgan Stanley names it a top pick"
"US STOCKS-Wall St falls on Fed concern after 8-week run higher " "* Yum Brands' November China sales flat  sending shares down"
"US STOCKS-Wall St opens lower on Fed worry after 8-week run up " "* Indexes down: Dow 0.42 pct  S&P 0.31 pct  Nasdaq 0.19 pct"
"US STOCKS-Wall St to open lower on Fed taper jitters " "NEW YORK  Dec 3 U.S. stocks were poised for a lower open on Tuesday  indicating the S&P 500 may fall for a third consecutive session  on concerns the Federal Reserve may begin to reduce its stimulus earlier than some had anticipated."
"Billionaire investor Icahn steps up pressure on Apple " "SAN FRANCISCO Billionaire investor Carl Icahn said on Wednesday that he has filed a shareholder proposal with Apple for a much smaller stock buyback plan than he has advocated previously  as he continued to pressure Apple to share more of its cash pile."
"Billionaire investor Icahn steps up pressure on Apple " "SAN FRANCISCO  Dec 4 Billionaire investor Carl Icahn said on Wednesday that he has filed a shareholder proposal with Apple for a much smaller stock buyback plan than he has advocated previously  as he continued to pressure Apple to share more of its cash pile."
"Fingerprint sees touch ID going mainstream for smartphones " "STOCKHOLM Fingerprint Cards is aiming to sell its identity technology to most of the world's biggest smartphone makers  which are likely to follow Apple in offering touch recognition for mobiles from next year."
"UPDATE 1-Billionaire investor Icahn steps up pressure on Apple " "SAN FRANCISCO  Dec 4 Billionaire investor Carl Icahn said on Wednesday that he has filed a shareholder proposal with Apple for a much smaller stock buyback plan than he has advocated previously  as he continued to pressure Apple to share more of its cash pile."
"UPDATE 1-China issues 4G network licences to China Mobile  Unicom and Telecom " "* China Mobile  China Unicom  China Telecom awarded 4G TD-LTE licenses"
"UPDATE 1-Russian double-sided smartphone has global ambitions " "* Analysts: It will struggle to compete with Apple  Samsung"
"China Mobile still in talks with Apple over iPhone deal " "Dec 5 China Mobile Ltd  the country's largest mobile operator  said on Thursday it was still negotiating with Apple Inc on a long-awaited deal to offer iPhones on its network."
"China Mobile still talking to Apple on iPhones " "HONG KONG China Mobile Ltd  the country's largest mobile operator  said it is still negotiating with Apple Inc to offer iPhones on its network  commenting on a media report saying that a long-awaited agreement had been reached."
"UPDATE 1-China Mobile still talking to Apple on iPhones " "* China Mobile says still in negotiations with Apple on iPhones"
"US STOCKS-Fed uncertainty sends the Dow  S&P 500 down for 5th day " "* Apple climbs after China Mobile says iPhone talks continue"
"US STOCKS-Futures flat ahead of claims  GDP data " "* Futures: Dow off 9 pts  S&P off 0.9 pt  Nasdaq up 3.5 pts"
"US STOCKS-Futures little changed before initial claims  GDP data " "NEW YORK  Dec 5 U.S. stock index futures were little changed on Thursday  ahead of data on the labor market and economic growth that may help investors assess whether the Federal Reserve may accelerate its timetable to wind down its monetary stimulus."
"US STOCKS-Wall St dips after data clouds view on Fed " "* Apple climbs after China Mobile says iPhone talks continue"
"US STOCKS-Wall St dips after mixed data; Apple rises " "* GDP  claims data beat expectations but factory orders fall"
"US STOCKS-Wall St slips after data clouds view on Fed " "* Dow off 0.2 pct  S&P 500 down 0.2 pct  Nasdaq off 0.04 pct"
"US STOCKS-Wall St to open lower after claims  GDP data " "* Futures: Dow down 54 pts  S&P down 5.5 pts  Nasdaq up 0.5 pt"
"Apple spent over $60 million on U.S. lawyers against Samsung " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc has paid its leading outside law firm approximately $60 million to wage patent litigation against Samsung Electronics Co Ltd in a California federal court  according to Apple legal documents filed late on Thursday."
"Apple spent over $60 million on U.S. lawyers against Samsung " "SAN FRANCISCO  Dec 6 Apple Inc has paid its leading outside law firm approximately $60 million to wage patent litigation against Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  in a California federal court  according to Apple legal documents filed late on Thursday."
"Taiwan stocks rise; Apple supplier Largan jumps on record sales " "TAIPEI  Dec 6 Taiwan stocks edged up 0.2 percent on Friday  paced by gains in Apple Inc supplier Largan Precision on news its November sales hit a record.     At about 45 minutes into trade  the main TAIEX index  had climbed to 8 392.88 points  with the electronics sub-index  up 0.27 percent.     Largan  which makes camera phone lenses  jumped 1 percent. It posted an 8.8 growth in November sales compared with October  the Economic Daily and the Commercial Times reported.     Touch pa"
"COLUMN-Three ways for investors to catch the global tailwind in 2014 " "CHICAGO  Dec 9 There is a growing consensus that U.S. stocks  as well as stocks around the world  are going to catch a tailwind going into 2014."
"Qualcomm plans smartphone chips with 64-bit technology " "SAN FRANCISCO  Dec 9 Qualcomm Inc said on Monday it will make smartphone chips with 64-bit features typically found in personal computers  following Apple Inc  and opening the way to more efficient mobile gadgets."
"Qualcomm plans smartphone chips with 64-bit technology " "SAN FRANCISCO Qualcomm Inc said on Monday it will make smartphone chips with 64-bit features typically found in personal computers  following Apple Inc and opening the way to more efficient mobile gadgets."
"Samsung may need to offer more to settle patent dispute - Almunia " "BRUSSELS  Dec 9 Samsung Electronics  will likely need to improve its offer to the European Union regulator to address patent issues with rivals such as Apple Inc.  the European Competition Commissioner said on Monday."
"Samsung may need to offer more to settle patent dispute: Almunia " "PARIS Samsung Electronics Co Ltd will likely need to do more to settle an investigation over whether its use of patent lawsuits against Apple Inc breached EU rules  the EU antitrust chief said on Monday."
"Three ways for investors to catch the global tailwind in 2014 " "(The author is a columnist for Reuters. The opinions expressed are his own.)"
"UPDATE 1-Samsung may need to offer more to settle patent dispute - Almunia " "PARIS  Dec 9 Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  will likely need to do more to settle an investigation over whether its use of patent lawsuits against Apple Inc breached EU rules  the EU antitrust chief said on Monday."
"UPDATE 1-U.S. tech companies call for more controls on surveillance " " "
"U.S. tech companies call for more controls on surveillance " "LONDON Eight major U.S. web companies  including Apple  Google and Facebook  made a joint call on Monday for tighter controls on how governments collect personal data  intensifying the furor over online surveillance."
"U.S. tech companies call for more controls on surveillance " "LONDON Eight major U.S. web companies  including Apple  Google and Facebook  made a joint call on Monday for tighter controls on how governments collect personal data  intensifying the furor over online surveillance. | Video "
"Biometric smartphones to be mainstream in 2014: Ericsson " "STOCKHOLM Biometric smartphones are expected to become mainstream next year as leading handset makers follow the lead of Apple Inc. into fingerprint recognition technology  an Ericsson report on consumer trends showed on Wednesday."
"Apple says death at Pegatron unrelated to working conditions " "TAIPEI/SAN FRANCISCO The death of a 15-year-old worker was not caused by working conditions at a Pegatron Corp factory  according to medical exports sent to the factory by Apple Inc."
"Apple scores legal victory over Samsung in South Korea " "SEOUL  Dec 12 Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  on Thursday lost its bid to ban sales of Apple Inc's  older iPhone and iPad in South Korea  as a court dismissed a lawsuit claiming the U.S. firm had infringed three of Samsung's mobile patents."
"Apple scores legal victory over Samsung in South Korea " "SEOUL Samsung Electronics Co Ltd on Thursday lost its bid to ban sales of Apple Inc's older iPhone and iPad in South Korea after a court dismissed a lawsuit claiming the U.S. firm had infringed on three of Samsung's mobile patents."
"CORRECTED-Apple sends medical experts to Pegatron factory after worker death " "(Corrects to expand Apple statement in the third paragraph  clarify who conducted investigation)"
"Nikkei falls 1.4 pct as index heavyweights drag on Fed concern " "* Futures  index heavyweights lead declines     * Market may be supported above 15 000 near term - analysts     * Nitto Denko nosedives after cutting forecast     * Exporters lose ground as yen bounces      By Ayai Tomisawa     TOKYO  Dec 12 Japan's Nikkei share average dropped 1.4 percent to a one-week low on Thursday morning  led by selling in futures and big-cap stocks as the mood was soured by renewed anxiety of an early  reduction in U.S. stimulus.        The Nikkei shed 223.11 "
"UPDATE 2-Apple says death at Pegatron unrelated to working conditions " "* Pegatron says 15-year-old got job using someone else's ID"
"UPDATE 2-Apple scores legal victory over Samsung in South Korea " "SEOUL  Dec 12 Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  on Thursday lost its bid to ban sales of Apple Inc's  older iPhone and iPad in South Korea after a court dismissed a lawsuit claiming the U.S. firm had infringed on three of Samsung's mobile patents."
"Batch of 59 rare Beatles songs to be released for sale " "LONDON Rare recordings of 59 songs by the Beatles will go on sale for the first time on Tuesday when Apple Records makes them available for download."
"CORRECTED-Batch of 59 rare Beatles songs to be released for sale " "(Corrects release date of Sony compilation in paragraph 9)"
"Japan's Nikkei seesaws  though weak yen offers support " "* Nikkei heads for best annual gain since 1972     * Volatility has also increased this year      By Dominic Lau     TOKYO  Dec 13 The Nikkei stock average seesawed on Friday after a three-day run of losses  though traders said renewed weakness in the yen against the dollar following strong U.S. retail sales data should offer support to the market.     Japanese equities tend to flourish when the yen weakens  as exporters benefit from a cheaper currency when they repatriate overseas e"
"Taiwan stocks nearly flat; Apple supplier Pegatron up " "TAIPEI  Dec 13 Taiwan stocks were nearly flat on Friday morning  with Apple Inc supplier Pegatron Corp  slightly higher after Apple said the death of a 15-year-old worker was not caused by working conditions at a Pegatron factory.     At 0200 GMT  the main TAIEX index had inched up 0.07 percent or 5.86 points to 8 367.19  after ending flat in the previous session.          Pegatron rose 0.6 percent  while electronics shares  edged down 0.05 percent.      Financial gained 0.1 percent "
"After China Mobile sugar rush  Apple will fight for customers " "BEIJING  Dec 16 For all the hype  Apple Inc's  long-awaited iPhone agreement with China Mobile Ltd  may deliver little more than a fleeting revenue jolt for the U.S. giant."
"After China Mobile sugar rush  Apple will fight for customers " "BEIJING For all the hype  Apple Inc's long-awaited iPhone agreement with China Mobile Ltd may deliver little more than a fleeting revenue jolt for the U.S. giant."
"Obama to meet tech executives Tuesday on HealthCare.Gov: White House " "WASHINGTON U.S. President Barack Obama will meet executives from leading technology companies like Google and Apple on Tuesday to discuss ways to improve the functioning of the health care website  HealthCare.gov  the White House said."
"UPDATE 1-Obama to meet tech executives Tuesday on HealthCare.Gov -White House " "WASHINGTON  Dec 16 U.S. President Barack Obama will meet executives from leading technology companies like Google and Apple on Tuesday to discuss ways to improve the functioning of the health care website  HealthCare.gov  the White House said."
"China Mobile chairman says still in talks with Apple on iPhone deal " "TAIPEI China Mobile Ltd said it's still in talks with Apple Inc to sell iPhones amid mounting industry speculation that the pair are about to announce a deal to net the technology giant hundreds of millions of potential new customers."
"China Mobile chairman says still in talks with Apple on iPhone deal " "TAIPEI  Dec 18 China Mobile Ltd said it's still in talks with Apple Inc to sell iPhones amid mounting industry speculation that the pair are about to announce a deal to net the technology giant hundreds of millions of potential new customers."
"UPDATE 1-Beyonce album sets iTunes sales record  tops Billboard chart " "LOS ANGELES  Dec 18 R&B star Beyonce's latest self-titled album surpassed 1 million copies sold worldwide in six days on Wednesday and set a record for iTunes  Apple Inc.  and Columbia Records said."
"UPDATE 2-Beyonce album sets iTunes sales record  tops Billboard chart " "LOS ANGELES  Dec 18 R&B star Beyonce's latest self-titled album surpassed 1 million copies sold worldwide in six days on Wednesday and set a record for iTunes  Apple Inc  and Columbia Records said."
"Foxconn sees 15 percent sales growth  to boost U.S. investments - reports " "TAIPEI The chief of Foxconn Technology Group  whose flagship unit Hon Hai Precision makes the iPhone 5s  is confident group revenue will grow 15 percent and investment in the United States will increase 10 fold next year  media reported on Friday."
"UPDATE 1-Protesters block Apple  Google buses in San Francisco area " "SAN FRANCISCO  Dec 20 Protesters blocked buses said to be operated by Google Inc and Apple Inc  in San Francisco and Oakland on Friday  the latest sign of a growing backlash against the booming tech industry's impact  especially on access to affordable housing in the region."
"UPDATE 1-Taiwan export orders rise for 5th month in Nov " "TAIPEI  Dec 20 Taiwan's export orders climbed for a fifth straight month in November  defying expectations for a fall bolstered by stronger demand from Japan and Europe for the island's tech goods."
"Protesters block Apple  Google buses in San Francisco area " "SAN FRANCISCO Protesters blocked buses said to be operated by Google Inc and Apple Inc in San Francisco and Oakland on Friday  the latest sign of a growing backlash against the booming tech industry's impact  especially on access to affordable housing in the region."
"Apple says in iPhone pact with China Mobile; no terms disclosed " "NEW YORK Apple Inc on Sunday announced a multiyear deal with China Mobile to bring its iPhone product lines to China  starting January 17  2014."
"RPT-Apple says in iPhone pact with China Mobile; no terms disclosed " "NEW YORK  Dec 22 Apple Inc on Sunday announced a multiyear deal with China Mobile   to bring its iPhone product lines to China  starting Jan. 17  2014."
"Australia shares seen rising on Wall St record highs  trade shortened " "SYDNEY  Dec 24 Australian shares were set to rise on Tuesday  tracking a positive lead from Wall Street after Apple Inc lifted the technology sector on its deal with China Mobile.     The market will be closed earlier on Christmas eve.      * Local share price index futures rose 0.5 percent to 5 296  a 4.1 point premium/discount to the underlying S&P/ASX 200 index close. The benchmark gained 0.5 percent to three-week highs on Monday.     * New Zealand's benchmark NZX 50 index rose 0."
"COLUMN-Hot 2014 investing tip: Don't chase 2013 " "CHICAGO  Dec 23 This year  the stock market has been glowing as brightly as the seasonal lights that now bedeck holiday streetscapes."
"Dow  S&P hit record highs; Apple's China deal lifts techs " "NEW YORK U.S. stocks climbed on Monday  with the Dow and S&P 500 advancing to all-time highs as a distribution deal by Apple Inc with China Mobile boosted the technology sector."
"Hot 2014 investing tip: Don't chase 2013 " "CHICAGO This year  the stock market has been glowing as brightly as the seasonal lights that now bedeck holiday streetscapes."
"Strong ARM helps FTSE notch up 4-session winning streak " "LONDON  Dec 23 Britain's shares rose for a fourth straight day on Monday as chip designer ARM was boosted by the prospect of more orders from key client Apple and optimism about U.S. growth underpinned the broader market."
"Strong ARM helps FTSE notch up four-session winning streak " "LONDON  Dec 23 Britain's shares rose for a fourth straight day on Monday as chip designer ARM was boosted by the prospect of more orders from key client Apple  while optimism about U.S. growth underpinned the broader market."
"UPDATE 1-Apple  China Mobile sign long-awaited deal to sell iPhones " " "
"US STOCKS-Dow  S&P end at record highs as Apple deal lifts techs " "* Facebook ends at record high on first day in the S&P 500"
"US STOCKS-Dow  S&P hit record highs; Apple's China deal lifts techs " "* Facebook ends at record high on first day in the S&P 500"
"US STOCKS-Wall St rallies to record highs  buoyed by Apple deal " "* Dow  S&P 500 at all-time highs; last week was best in months"
"India Morning Call-Global markets " "EQUITIES     NEW YORK -  U.S. stocks climbed on Monday  with the Dow and S&P 500 advancing to all-time highs as a distribution deal by Apple Inc with China Mobile boosted the technology sector.     Apple rose 3.8 percent to $570.09  its biggest percentage gain in three months  after the tech titan said on Sunday it had signed a long-awaited agreement with China Mobile Ltd  to sell iPhones through the world's biggest network of mobile phone users  a deal that could add billions of dollars to its "
"Seoul shares slightly higher on U.S. data  profit taking caps gains " "SEOUL  Dec 24 Seoul shares crawled higher on Tuesday morning  poised to finish stronger for a sixth straight day  as bullish U.S. data raised hopes for a year-end boost in consumer spending."
"Apple CEO's 2013 pay steady but sees part of stock award shrink " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc CEO Tim Cook earned roughly the same in 2013 as in 2012  but lost part of his performance-based stock award during a year in which intense competition and margin pressure bludgeoned the iPhone maker's stock."
"Apple CEO's 2013 pay steady but sees part of stock award shrink " "SAN FRANCISCO  Dec 27 Apple Inc CEO Tim Cook earned roughly the same in 2013 as in 2012  but lost part of his performance-based stock award during a year in which intense competition and margin pressure bludgeoned the iPhone maker's stock."
"Apple says has never worked with NSA on iPhone backdoors " "SAN FRANCISCO  Dec 31 Apple Inc  responded on Tuesday to reports that the National Security Agency had developed a system to hack into and monitor iPhones called ""Dropout Jeep "" saying it never worked with the U.S. spy agency and was unaware of efforts to target its smartphones."
"Apple says never worked with NSA on iPhone hacks " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc has never worked with the U.S. National Security Agency and is unaware of efforts to target its smartphones  the company said in response to reports that the spy agency had developed a system to hack into and monitor iPhones."
"Justice Department defends Apple monitor in e-books case " "NEW YORK A bitter battle between Apple Inc and a lawyer appointed to monitor its compliance with a court antitrust ruling escalated on Monday  as the U.S. government and the monitor both hit back at Apple."
"Justice Department defends Apple monitor in e-books case " "NEW YORK  Dec 31 A bitter battle between Apple Inc and a lawyer appointed to monitor its compliance with a court antitrust ruling escalated on Monday  as the U.S. government and the monitor both hit back at Apple."
"UPDATE 1-Apple says never worked with NSA on iPhone backdoors " "SAN FRANCISCO  Dec 31 Apple Inc has never worked with the U.S. National Security Agency and is unaware of efforts to target its smartphones  the company said in response to reports that the spy agency had developed a system to hack into and monitor iPhones."
"China's Xiaomi says to more than double smartphone sales in 2014 " "BEIJING Chinese budget smartphone maker Xiaomi plans to sell 40 million handsets in 2014  more than double the number it sold in 2013  its chairman said on Thursday  reinforcing the company's ambitions to outsell more expensive offerings from Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd."
"China's Xiaomi says to more than double smartphone sales in 2014 " "BEIJING  Jan 2 Chinese budget smartphone maker Xiaomi plans to sell 40 million handsets in 2014  more than double the number it sold in 2013  its chairman said on Thursday  reinforcing the company's ambitions to outsell more expensive offerings from Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd."
"US STOCKS-Wall St dips on first trading day of 2014; techs weigh " "* Among top decliners are stocks that gained most in 2013"
"US STOCKS-Wall St falls on first trading day of 2014; techs weigh " "* Among top decliners are stocks that gained most in 2013"
"US STOCKS-Wall St starts 2014 with decline; investors take profits " "* Among top decliners are stocks that gained most in 2013"
"US STOCKS-Wall St starts 2014 with drop as investors take profits " "* Among top decliners are stocks that gained most in 2013"
"Taiwan stocks fall on weak tech sector; USI  Ho Tung Chemical rise " "TAIPEI  Jan 3 Taiwan stocks were down 0.6 percent at midday Friday  largely tracking other regional and global bourses  with tech counters falling following a slide in shares of Apple Inc."
"Nader slams Malone's 'lowball' Sirius bid  suggests Icahn step in " "Consumer advocate Ralph Nader said Liberty Media Corp Chairman John Malone's offer to buy out the remaining stake in satellite radio company Sirius XM was ""ludicrous"" and called for activist investor Carl Icahn to take notice."
"Nader slams Malone's 'lowball' Sirius bid  suggests Icahn step in " "Jan 6 Consumer advocate Ralph Nader said Liberty Media Corp Chairman John Malone's offer to buy out the remaining stake in satellite radio company Sirius XM  was ""ludicrous"" and called for activist investor Carl Icahn to take notice."
"Samsung Electronics braces for weakest year of smartphone growth " " "
"Samsung Electronics braces for weakest year of smartphone growth " "SEOUL Samsung Electronics Co Ltd is bracing for its weakest smartphone profit growth this year since 2007 as arch rival Apple Inc challenges its domination in China's $80 billion market."
"UPDATE 1-Samsung Electronics Q4 guidance widely misses street estimates " "* Estimates Q4 op profit at 8.3 trln won  down 6 pct on year"
"Apple seeks removal of court-appointed antitrust monitor " "NEW YORK Apple Inc is seeking the removal of a lawyer appointed by a court to monitor its antitrust compliance following a ruling last year that the company had conspired to fix e-book prices."
"Apple seeks removal of court-appointed antitrust monitor " "NEW YORK  Jan 7 Apple Inc is seeking the removal of a lawyer appointed by a court to monitor its antitrust compliance following a ruling last year that the company had conspired to fix e-book prices."
"Micron shares rise on strong results  possible Apple contract " "Chipmaker Micron Technology Inc's  shares rose as much as 13 percent to a decade high on Wednesday after the company reported strong results and signed a contract with a customer that analysts believed could be Apple Inc ."
"Micron shares rise on strong results  possible Apple contract " "Jan 8 Chipmaker Micron Technology Inc's  shares rose as much as 13 percent to a decade high on Wednesday after the company reported strong results and signed a contract with a customer that analysts believed could be Apple Inc ."
"Apple  Samsung CEOs agree to mediation in U.S. patent fight -court filing " "SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 8 Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics have agreed to attend a mediation session to be held on or before Feb. 19  as they prepare to clash in court in March over smartphone patents."
"Apple  Samsung CEOs agree to mediation in U.S. patent fight " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics have agreed to attend a mediation session to be held on or before February 19  as they prepare to clash in court in March over smartphone patents."
"UPDATE 1-Apple  Samsung CEOs agree to mediation in U.S. patent fight " "* Legal teams from rivals met Jan. 6 to discuss settlement"
"Apple did not violate Google patent  says U.S. appeals court " "WASHINGTON Apple Inc does not use patented technology owned by Google unit Motorola Mobility in making its iPhones  an appeals court said on Friday."
"Apple did not violate Google patent  says U.S. appeals court " "WASHINGTON  Jan 10 Apple Inc does not use patented technology owned by Google unit Motorola Mobility in making its iPhones  an appeals court said on Friday."
"UPDATE 2-Apple did not violate Google patent  says U.S. appeals court " "WASHINGTON  Jan 10 Apple Inc does not use patented technology owned by Google unit Motorola Mobility in making its iPhones  an appeals court said on Friday."
"Apple loses bid to block antitrust monitorship " "NEW YORK Apple Inc lost a bid on Monday to block an antitrust monitor appointed after a judge's finding that the company conspired to fix e-book prices."
"Apple loses bid to block antitrust monitorship " "NEW YORK  Jan 13 Apple Inc lost a bid on Monday to block an antitrust monitor appointed after a judge's finding that the company conspired to fix e-book prices."
"BRIEF-U.S. judge rejects Apple bid to halt e-books monitor " "Jan 13 Apple Inc :  * U.S. judge denies Apple Inc bid to put e-books monitoring on hold --"
"UPDATE 1-Apple loses bid to block antitrust monitorship " "NEW YORK  Jan 13 Apple Inc lost a bid on Monday to block an antitrust monitor appointed after a judge's finding that the company conspired to fix e-book prices."
"UPDATE 2-Google to acquire Nest for $3.2 billion in cash " "SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 13 Google Inc on Monday announced plans to acquire Nest Labs Inc  a maker of smart thermostats and smoke alarms  for $3.2 billion  signaling the Internet company's intention to expand into a broader array of devices and bringing valuable hardware design expertise in-house."
"Apple loses court bid to block e-book antitrust monitor " "NEW YORK Apple Inc lost a bid on Monday to block an antitrust monitor appointed after a judge found that the company had conspired to fix e-book prices."
"Factbox: Google's forays beyond the search box " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc announced plans to acquire smart thermostat maker Nest Labs Inc for $3.2 billion  signaling the Internet company's intention to expand into a broader array of devices and bringing valuable hardware design expertise in-house."
"UPDATE 2-Apple loses court bid to block e-book antitrust monitor " "NEW YORK  Jan 13 Apple Inc lost a bid on Monday to block an antitrust monitor appointed after a judge found that the company had conspired to fix e-book prices."
"Apple's Cook decided to settle rather than risk legal fight -memo " "SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 15 Apple Inc CEO Tim Cook told employees on Wednesday the company decided to settle longstanding complaints with the Federal Trade Commission over app purchases made by children  because the FTC's proposals aligned with the company's own intentions."
"Apple to refund at least $32.5 million in disputed kids' app purchases " "WASHINGTON Apple Inc will refund consumers at least $32.5 million to settle a longstanding complaint that the technology company billed U.S. consumers for charges incurred by children through mobile apps without their parents' consent. | Video "
"Silicon Valley workers may pursue collusion case as group- court " "Jan 14 Roughly 60 000 Silicon Valley workers won clearance to pursue a lawsuit accusing Apple Inc  Google Inc and other companies of conspiring to drive down pay by not poaching each other's staff  after a federal appeals court refused to let the defendants appeal a class certification order."
"Silicon Valley workers may pursue collusion case as group: court " "Roughly 60 000 Silicon Valley workers won clearance to pursue a lawsuit accusing Apple Inc  Google Inc and other companies of conspiring to drive down pay by not poaching each other's staff  after a federal appeals court refused to let the defendants appeal a class certification order."
"UPDATE 3-Apple to refund at least $32.5 million in disputed kids' app purchases " "WASHINGTON  Jan 15 Apple Inc will refund consumers at least $32.5 million to settle a longstanding complaint that the technology company billed U.S. consumers for charges incurred by children through mobile apps without their parents' consent."
"US STOCKS-S&P 500 closes at record on bank earnings  data " "NEW YORK  Jan 15 U.S. stocks rose on Wednesday  with the S&P 500 climbing to an all-time closing high after strong earnings from Bank of America and data signaled that the economy was improving."
"Apple China Mobile launch could spark costly subsidy war " "BEIJING Apple Inc is finally launching its iPhone on China Mobile Ltd's vast network on Friday  opening the door to the world's largest carrier's 763 million subscribers and giving its China sales a short-term jolt."
"Apple China Mobile launch could spark costly subsidy war " "BEIJING  Jan 17 Apple Inc is finally launching its iPhone on China Mobile Ltd's vast network  on Friday  opening the door to the world's largest carrier's 763 million subscribers and giving its China sales a short-term jolt."
"Apple's objections show why e-book monitor is needed: judge " "NEW YORK Apple Inc's various objections to a court-appointed antitrust monitor in a case involving fixing e-book prices only confirm the importance of his work  a federal judge said on Thursday."
"Apple's objections show why e-book monitor is needed - judge " "NEW YORK  Jan 16 Apple Inc's various objections to a court-appointed antitrust monitor in a case involving fixing e-book prices only confirm the importance of his work  a federal judge said on Thursday."
"Apple to refund at least $32.5 million in disputed kids' app purchases " "WASHINGTON Apple Inc will refund consumers at least $32.5 million to settle a longstanding complaint that the technology company billed U.S. consumers for charges incurred by children through mobile apps without their parents' consent. | Video "
"China's ZTE aims to ship 60 million smartphones this year  up 20 million " "HONG KONG  Jan 16 Chinese smartphone maker ZTE Corp  aims to ship more than 60 million smartphones globally this year  as it tries to grab more share of a highly competitive market dominated by Samsung Electronics and Apple."
"Germany's insolvent TV maker Loewe salvaged by investor group " "FRANKFURT  Jan 16 German television maker Loewe AG said it would be taken over by a group of investors that include former senior managers at Apple  and Bang & Olufsen  six months after seeking creditor protection."
"Apple China Mobile launch could spark costly subsidy war " "BEIJING Apple Inc is finally launching its iPhone on China Mobile Ltd's vast network on Friday  opening the door to the world's largest carrier's 763 million subscribers and giving its China sales a short-term jolt. | Video "
"CORRECTED-Germany's insolvent TV maker Loewe salvaged by investor group " "(Corrects first paragraph to say investors taking over some Loewe AG assets  not whole company)"
"Nextel to offer latest iPhones in Brazil " "Nextel mobile phone service  owned by NII Holdings Inc  will offer Apple Inc's iPhone 5S and iPhone 5C to its customers in Brazil."
"UPDATE 1-Apple China Mobile launch could spark costly subsidy war " "BEIJING  Jan 17 Apple Inc is finally launching its iPhone on China Mobile Ltd's vast network  on Friday  opening the door to the world's largest carrier's 763 million subscribers and giving its China sales a short-term jolt."
"UPDATE 1-Nextel to offer latest iPhones in Brazil " "(Adds company response  analysts' comments  details; updates share move)"
"Taiwan stocks rise; TPK jumps on order diversification reports " "TAIPEI  Jan 20 Taiwan stocks firmed on Monday  with electronics shares gaining 0.4 percent  led by touch panel maker TPK Holding after reports that it is diversifying from Apple Inc by receiving more orders from Japanese and Korean companies.     The main TAIEX index rose 0.3 percent  or 22.82 points to 8 618.82 at 0234 GMT  after opening flat.     TPK jumped 6 percent and was the biggest turnover stock by mid-session.     Struggling computer company Acer Inc shed 3.7 percent to T$18"
"Apple gets reprieve from e-book monitor's oversight " "NEW YORK A U.S. appeals court gave Apple Inc a reprieve from an external monitor appointed to oversee its compliance with antitrust laws after the company had been found liable last July for conspiring to raise e-book prices."
"Apple gets temporary reprieve from e-books monitor " "NEW YORK  Jan 21 A federal appeals court on Tuesday gave Apple Inc a temporary reprieve from being subjected to an external monitor appointed to ensure it complied with antitrust laws  after the company was found liable last year for conspiring with five publishers to fix the prices of e-books."
"BRIEF-U.S. appeals court grants Apple request for temporary stay of e-books compliance monitor -- court order " "Jan 21 Apple Inc :  * U.S. appeals court grants Apple Inc request for temporary stay of"
"BRIEF-Apple up 1.2 percent after tweets from Carl Icahn " "NEW YORK  Jan 22 Apple Inc :  * Shares rise 1.2 percent in morning trading after tweets from carl icahn"
"Icahn blasts Apple again  boosts position to $3 billion " "SAN FRANCISCO Activist investor Carl Icahn lashed out against Apple Inc again on Wednesday  and tweeted that he had bought $500 million more shares in the company in just the past two weeks  bringing his investment in the iPhone maker to over $3 billion."
"RPT-UPDATE 3-VMware to buy mobile security firm AirWatch for $1.54 bln " "* VMware 4th-qtr  1st-qtr revenue forecast beats analysts' estimates"
"UPDATE 3-Icahn blasts Apple again  boosts position to $3 bln " "(Adds Icahn's comments on CNBC  background and details  updates trading)"
"Icahn buys another $500 million of Apple shares " "SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 23 Activist investor Carl Icahn picked up another $500 million of Apple Inc  shares on Thursday  taking his total investment in the iPhone maker to $3.6 billion."
"Icahn takes another $500 million bite out of Apple " "SAN FRANCISCO Activist investor Carl Icahn picked up another $500 million of Apple Inc shares on Thursday to take his investment in the iPhone maker to $3.6 billion  while ratcheting up his months-long campaign to pry open the company's cash hoard."
"Nikkei climbs to 2-week high on banks  component makers " "* Nidec  Japan Aviation jump after quarterly results     * Banks in demand as investors seek underperformers      By Dominic Lau     TOKYO  Jan 23 Japan's Nikkei stock average advanced to a two-week high on Thursday  helped by gains in electronics component makers after strong results from Nidec  while some investors sought underperformers in the banking sector.     The Nikkei was up 0.7 percent at 15 925.51 after rising as high as 15 958.58 - edging closer to the 16 000 mark it had "
"PRESS DIGEST - Wall Street Journal - Jan 23 " "Jan 23 The following are the top stories in the Wall Street Journal. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy."
"Samsung Electronics fourth-quarter profit sags as smartphone growth concern deepens " "SEOUL Samsung Electronics Co Ltd posted its first decline in quarterly profit in two years  hit by a one-off special bonus as well as slowing smartphone sales as it braces for a year of tougher competition with rival Apple Inc."
"Samsung Electronics Q4 profit sags as smartphone growth concern deepens " "SEOUL  Jan 24 Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  posted its first decline in quarterly profit in two years  hit by a one-off special bonus as well as slowing smartphone sales as it braces for a year of tougher competition with rival Apple Inc."
"UPDATE 2-LG Display sees smartphone demand cushioning TV's seasonal Q1 lull " "* Operating profit 257 bln won vs 238 bln won analyst estimate"
"UPDATE 3-Icahn takes another $500 million bite out of Apple " "SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 23 Activist investor Carl Icahn picked up another $500 million of Apple Inc  shares on Thursday to take his investment in the iPhone maker to $3.6 billion  while ratcheting up his months-long campaign to pry open the company's cash hoard."
"US STOCKS-Wall St falls as China data trigger selloff in risky assets " "* Microsoft profit up on strong commercial sales; shares up in extended trade"
"YOUR MONEY-The cost of being an Apple fan can add up " "NEW YORK  Jan 23 Apple Inc's Macintosh computer  which celebrates its 30th anniversary on Friday  has attracted many fans who have gone on to buy lots of other devices from the company."
"Apple set to report record holiday  but China doubts stay " "Apple Inc may notch its most successful holiday shopping season yet when it reports quarterly results on Monday  setting records for sales of its gift-friendly iPhones and iPads."
"As M&A business cools  banks warm to activist investors " "NEW YORK Corporate raiders  long scorned by Wall Street  are gaining new credibility as activist investors  to the point that some investment banks are eager to bestow on them a new title: valued customer."
"REFILE-DEALTALK-As M&A business cools  banks warm to activist investors " "NEW YORK  Jan 24 Corporate raiders  long scorned by Wall Street  are gaining new credibility as activist investors  to the point that some investment banks are eager to bestow on them a new title: valued customer."
"Samsung Electronics fourth-quarter profit sags " "SEOUL Samsung Electronics Co Ltd posted its first decline in quarterly profit in two years  hit by one-off special bonus as well as slowing smartphone sales as it braces for a year of tougher competition with rival Apple Inc. | Video "
"UPDATE 1-Apple set to report record holiday  but China doubts stay " "Jan 24 Apple Inc may notch its most successful holiday shopping season yet when it reports quarterly results on Monday  setting records for sales of its gift-friendly iPhones and iPads."
"UPDATE 3-Samsung Electronics pledges higher dividend after record payout " "* Aims to reduce mobile marketing spend relative to revenue   (Adds video link  Apple challenge  updates shares)"
"U.S. urges court to let Apple antitrust monitor get back to work " "NEW YORK  Jan 24 The U.S. government on Friday urged a federal appeals court to reject Apple Inc's  effort to oust a court-appointed monitor for its antitrust compliance  saying the company ""cannot be trusted"" to do the job on its own."
"U.S. urges court to let Apple antitrust monitor get back to work " "NEW YORK The U.S. government on Friday urged a federal appeals court to reject Apple Inc's effort to oust a court-appointed monitor for its antitrust compliance  saying the company ""cannot be trusted"" to do the job on its own."
"Apple saw strong growth in China  emerging markets: CFO " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc more than doubled sales of iPads in mainland China during the holiday quarter  and it experienced strong growth in emerging markets like Latin America and Russia  the company's CFO Peter Oppenheimer said on Monday."
"Apple saw strong growth in China  emerging markets -CFO " "SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 27 Apple Inc more than doubled sales of iPads in mainland China during the holiday quarter  and it experienced strong growth in emerging markets like Latin America and Russia  the company's CFO Peter Oppenheimer said on Monday."
"Apple's iPhone sales and outlook lag targets  shares slide " "Apple Inc missed Wall Street's lofty target for iPhone sales over the crucial holiday shopping season and offered a weaker-than-expected forecast for this quarter  sending its shares down 8 percent on Monday."
"Apple's iPhone sales lag Wall Street expectations " "Jan 27 Apple Inc sold fewer new iPhones than expected over the holidays  reflecting intense competition from arch-foe Samsung Electronics during the crucial period."
"Instant View: Apple's iPhone sales lag Wall Street view " "Apple Inc sold fewer new iPhones than expected over the holidays  reflecting intense competition from arch-foe Samsung Electronics during the crucial period."
"S&P 500 drops for a third day; Apple down after the bell " "NEW YORK U.S. stocks extended recent losses on Monday  with the S&P 500 falling for a third straight session as concern grew about the Federal Reserve's plans for withdrawing stimulus."
"UPDATE 2-U.S. frees tech companies to give more spying data " "(Rewrites throughout  adds details about Apple  adds comment from companies))"
"UPDATE 3-Apple's iPhone sales and outlook lag targets  shares slide " "(Adds analysts' comments  graphics  details on international business))"
"US STOCKS-S&P 500 drops for a 3rd day; Apple down after the bell " "* U.S. new home sales fall for second straight month in Dec."
"US STOCKS-S&P  Nasdaq slip on emerging market concern; Caterpillar lifts Dow " "* U.S. new home sales fall for second straight month in Dec"
"Apple's China moment still frustratingly out of reach " "BEIJING/SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc may have to wait a little longer for its watershed moment in China."
"Apple's China moment still frustratingly out of reach " "BEIJING/SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 28 Apple Inc  may have to wait a little longer for its watershed moment in China."
"Apple supplier Cirrus forecasts weak revenue; shares slide " "Cirrus Logic Inc   whose audio chips are used in Apple Inc's  iPhones and iPads  forecast current-quarter revenue that missed analysts' average estimate  sending its shares down 5 percent after the bell."
"As Apple shares fall  Icahn buys another $500 million " "Hedge fund billionaire Carl Icahn said he bought another half a billion dollars' worth of Apple Inc stock on Tuesday  signaling confidence in the iPhone maker even after it gave a disappointing revenue forecast for the current quarter."
"Deals of the day-Mergers and acquisitions " "Jan 28 The following bids  mergers  acquisitions and disposals were reported by 2100 GMT on Tuesday:"
"UPDATE 2-Apple supplier Cirrus forecasts weak revenue; shares slide " "* Expects 4th-quarter revenue $130-$150 mln vs est $173.8 mln"
"US STOCKS-Wall St rebounds; futures fly on Turkey's rate hike " "* Stock futures rally after Turkey's central bank raises rates"
"US STOCKS-Wall St rebounds with Pfizer and the Fed; Apple sinks " "* U.S. durable goods orders unexpectedly plunge in December"
"US STOCKS-Wall St recovers with Pfizer; futures up on Turkey's rate hike " "* Stock futures jump after Turkey's central bank raises rates"
"Lenovo to buy Google's Motorola in China's largest tech deal " "NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO Lenovo Group said on Wednesday it agreed to buy Google Inc's Motorola handset division for $2.91 billion  in what is China's largest-ever tech deal as Lenovo buys its way into a heavily competitive U.S. handset market dominated by Apple Inc."
"Obama urges Congress to pass anti-patent troll bill " "WASHINGTON  Jan 28 President Barack Obama called for Congress to pass legislation aimed at reining in what many companies complain are proliferating and frivolous patent infringement lawsuits."
"Obama urges Congress to pass anti-patent troll bill " "WASHINGTON President Barack Obama called for Congress to pass legislation aimed at reining in what many companies complain are proliferating and frivolous patent infringement lawsuits."
"UPDATE 2-Qualcomm posts higher 1st-quarter revenue  says year on track " "SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 29 Leading mobile chipmaker Qualcomm Inc posted higher fiscal first-quarter revenue that slightly missed expectations  as smartphone growth shifted to China but it bumped up its full-year earnings outlook on the strong start to 2014."
"UPDATE 3-Lenovo to buy Google's Motorola in China's largest tech deal " " "
"Apple  Samsung spar over potential U.S. ban on smartphone sales " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  Jan 30 Samsung sought to defeat Apple's bid for a permanent sales ban against some Samsung smartphones  arguing in court on Thursday that Apple's request was an attempt to instill fear among telecom carriers and retailers that carry Samsung's products."
"Apple  Samsung spar over potential U.S. ban on smartphone sales " "SAN JOSE  California Samsung sought to defeat Apple's bid for a permanent sales ban against some Samsung smartphones  arguing in court on Thursday that Apple's request was an attempt to instill fear among telecom carriers and retailers that carry Samsung's products."
"China's Lenovo steps into ring against Samsung with Motorola deal " "BEIJING Lenovo Group  the Chinese technology company that earns about 80 percent of its revenue from personal computers  is betting it can also be a challenger to Samsung Electronics Co Ltd and Apple Inc in the smartphone market. | Video "
"China's Lenovo steps into ring against Samsung with Motorola deal " "* Lenovo says will buy Motorola smartphone unit from Google"
"Google's outsized ad growth offsets steep price decline " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc's quarterly revenue beat Wall Street's target despite an ongoing decline in prices for its online ads and deepening losses at Motorola  the handset-making division to be sold to China's Lenovo."
"Lenovo to buy Google's Motorola in China's largest tech deal " "NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO Lenovo Group said on Wednesday it agreed to buy Google Inc's Motorola handset division for $2.91 billion  in what is China's largest-ever tech deal as Lenovo buys its way into a heavily competitive U.S. handset market dominated by Apple Inc. | Video "
"Qualcomm says year on track  focuses on China " "SAN FRANCISCO Leading mobile chipmaker Qualcomm Inc posted higher fiscal first-quarter revenue that slightly missed estimates as smartphone growth shifted to China  but it bumped up its full-year earnings outlook and said 2014 was playing out as expected."
"UPDATE 3-Google's outsized ad growth offsets steep price decline " "SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 30 Google Inc's  quarterly revenue beat Wall Street's target despite an ongoing decline in prices for its online ads and deepening losses at Motorola  the handset-making division to be sold to China's Lenovo."
"UPDATE 3-Qualcomm says year on track  focuses on China " "SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 29 Leading mobile chipmaker Qualcomm Inc posted higher fiscal first-quarter revenue that slightly missed estimates as smartphone growth shifted to China  but it bumped up its full-year earnings outlook and said 2014 was playing out as expected."
"UPDATE 6-Lenovo to buy Google's Motorola in China's largest tech deal " "NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 29 Lenovo Group  said on Wednesday it agreed to buy Google Inc's  Motorola handset division for $2.91 billion  in what is China's largest-ever tech deal as Lenovo buys its way into a heavily competitive U.S. handset market dominated by Apple Inc ."
"U.S. boosting investment in high-speed Internet in schools by $2 bln " "WASHINGTON  Feb 3 The Federal Communications Commission  doubling its investment in high-speed Internet at schools  on Monday pledged an additional $2 billion over two years for improving broadband networks in schools and libraries."
"Apple  U.S. clash in court over e-books antitrust monitor " "NEW YORK Apple Inc urged a federal appeals court on Tuesday to put a court-appointed antitrust monitor on hold  arguing that his efforts were harming the company's business."
"Apple  U.S. clash in court over e-books antitrust monitor " "NEW YORK  Feb 4 Apple Inc urged a federal appeals court on Tuesday to put a court-appointed antitrust monitor on hold  arguing that his efforts were harming the company's business."
"Smartphone slowdown hits ARM's royalties in fourth quarter " "LONDON British chip designer ARM Holdings said a slowdown in demand for Apple and Samsung smartphones was behind a smaller than expected rise in fourth-quarter royalty revenues."
"UPDATE 2-Smartphone slowdown hits ARM's royalties in fourth quarter " "* Q4 royalties revenue $130.4 mln vs forecasts of $137.9 mln"
"Apple and the grim history of buybacks " "Based on its own history  and the broader experience with other companies  Apple's plan to buy back $60 billon of its own shares will probably end as a bit of a disappointment."
"RPT-UPDATE 2-As Sony prepares PCs exit  pressure mounts for reboot on TVs " "* Sony in talks to sell Vaio Japan business to fund -source"
"SAFT ON WEALTH-Apple and the grim history of buybacks " "Feb 5 Based on its own history  and the broader experience with other companies  Apple's plan to buy back $60 billon of its own shares will probably end as a bit of a disappointment."
"BRIEF-Imagination Technologies extends licensing agreement with Apple " "Feb 6 Imagination Technologies Group PLC :  * Extends its multi-year licensing agreement with Apple * Source text for Eikon:  * For more news  please click here"
"Taiwan's 'China plays' rise above tech shares " "* Future of Taiwan tech firms worrisome in 'post-Apple' era"
"UPDATE 2-As losses mount  Sony's Hirai seeks cure for TV business in spinoff " "* Expects $1.1 bln net loss this year  core operations weak"
"Apple buyback burnishes earnings per share  may soothe critics " "NEW YORK Buy low  sell high. That's the investor's credo  and one Apple Inc appears to have followed when it pounced on a drop in its own stock price to buy $14 billion of its shares in two weeks."
"Apple buyback burnishes earnings per share  may soothe critics " "NEW YORK  Feb 7 Buy low  sell high. That's the investor's credo  and one Apple Inc appears to have followed when it pounced on a drop in its own stock price to buy $14 billion of its shares in two weeks."
"Apple buys back $14 billion of shares in two weeks since results " "Apple Inc has repurchased $14 billion of its stock in the two weeks since it reported disappointing first-quarter results  a company spokesman said. | Video "
"Apple buys back $14 bln of its stock since Q1 results - WSJ " "Feb 6 Apple Inc has repurchased $14 billion worth of its stock in the last two weeks after disappointing first-quarter results  the Wall Street Journal reported quoting Chief Executive Tim Cook."
"Apple shareholders should reject Icahn's buyback proposal -proxy advisor " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 7 Proxy advisory firm Egan-Jones advised Apple Inc shareholders on Friday to reject activist investor Carl Icahn's demand that the iPhone maker expand its stock buyback program  a proposal that will be put to a vote this month."
"RPT-Apple buyback burnishes earnings per share  may soothe critics " "NEW YORK  Feb 7 Buy low  sell high. That's the investor's credo  and one Apple Inc appears to have followed when it pounced on a drop in its own stock price to buy $14 billion of its shares in two weeks."
"UPDATE 1-Apple buys back $14 bln of shares in 2 weeks since results " "Feb 6 Apple Inc has repurchased $14 billion of its stock in the two weeks since it reported disappointing first-quarter results  a company spokesman said."
"U.S. ends probe of Samsung Electronics' use of essential patents " "WASHINGTON  Feb 7 The U.S. Justice Department will close its investigation into Samsung Electronics'  use of a special class of essential patents to attack rivals  but said it would continue to monitor related patent litigation."
"US STOCKS-Wall St rallies to snap three-week skid " "* January payrolls disappoint  December revised up slightly"
"US STOCKS-Wall Street extends rally despite weak jobs data " "* January payrolls disappoint  December revised up slightly"
"Chastened HTC turns to cheaper smartphones in search for profit " "* Monday earnings guidance to follow two quarters of losses"
"ISS recommends 'no' vote on Icahn's plan for Apple " "Proxy advisory firm ISS said it recommends shareholders vote against activist investor Carl Icahn's share buyback proposal for Apple Inc  according to a report obtained by Reuters on Sunday."
"REFILE-ISS recommends 'no' vote on Icahn's plan for Apple " "Feb 9 Proxy advisory firm ISS said it recommends shareholders vote against activist investor Carl Icahn's share buyback proposal for Apple Inc  according to a report obtained by Reuters on Sunday."
"Apple loses latest bid to block e-books antitrust monitor " "NEW YORK Apple Inc on Monday lost its latest bid to put a court-appointed antitrust monitor on hold  after a federal appeals court rejected its argument that the monitor's work was causing it irreparable harm."
"Apple loses latest bid to block e-books antitrust monitor " "NEW YORK  Feb 10 Apple Inc on Monday lost its latest bid to put a court-appointed antitrust monitor on hold after a federal appeals court rejected its argument that his work was causing irreparable harm to the company."
"COLUMN-How to deal with emerging markets volatility " "CHICAGO  Feb. 10 Since the beginning of the year  emerging markets have been like cats on a hot tin roof."
"CORRECTED-EU regulators to rule on Samsung  Motorola disputes in April " "* Legal disputes centre on tablets and smartphone patents"
"EU regulators to rule on Samsung  Motorola disputes in April " "BRUSSELS EU regulators will rule on antitrust cases against Samsung Electronics and Motorola Mobility in April  the European Commission said on Monday as it seeks to end the so-called patent wars between smartphone makers."
"How to deal with emerging markets volatility " "CHICAGO Since the beginning of the year  emerging markets have been like cats on a hot tin roof."
"Icahn gives up Apple buyback plan after ISS urges 'no' vote " "Billionaire activist investor Carl Icahn has backed off from his campaign urging Apple Inc to increase its stock buybacks  citing the company's recent repurchases as well as an influential proxy adviser's call against his proposal. | Video "
"UPDATE 2-Apple loses latest bid to block e-books antitrust monitor " "NEW YORK  Feb 10 Apple Inc on Monday lost its latest bid to put a court-appointed antitrust monitor on hold  after a federal appeals court rejected its argument that the monitor's work was causing it irreparable harm."
"UPDATE 3-Icahn gives up Apple buyback plan after ISS urges 'no' vote " "Feb 10 Billionaire activist investor Carl Icahn has backed off from his  campaign urging Apple Inc to increase its stock buybacks  citing the company's recent repurchases as well as an influential proxy adviser's call against his proposal."
"US STOCKS-Wall St little changed after two-day advance " "* Indexes: Dow off 0.13 pct  S&P off 0.04 pct  Nasdaq up 0.17 pct"
"Sony in talks to supply more camera sensors to Apple - Nikkei " "Feb 12 Sony Corp is in talks with Apple Inc to double its supply of camera components for a new iPhone slated to roll out as early as next year  the Nikkei reported."
"Sony in talks to supply more camera sensors to Apple: Nikkei " "Sony Corp is in talks with Apple Inc to double its supply of camera components for a new iPhone slated to roll out as early as next year  the Nikkei reported."
"Apple  Time-Warner in talks over new Apple TV device: report " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc is in talks with Time Warner Cable and other content partners for a faster TV set-top box with a new user-interface that could be revealed as soon as April  Bloomberg cited sources familiar with the matter as saying."
"Apple  Time-Warner in talks over new Apple TV device-report " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 12 Apple Inc is in talks with Time Warner Cable and other content partners for a faster TV set-top box with a new user-interface that could be revealed as soon as April  Bloomberg cited sources familiar with the matter as saying."
"DoubleLine's Gundlach says firm sold some Apple shares - CNBC " "NEW YORK  Feb 12 Jeffrey Gundlach  chief executive and chief investment officer of DoubleLine Capital  said Wednesday that his firm had sold some Apple Inc.  shares and that the yield on benchmark U.S. Treasury securities could fall further."
"DoubleLine's Gundlach says firm sold some Apple shares: CNBC " "NEW YORK Jeffrey Gundlach  chief executive and chief investment officer of DoubleLine Capital  said on Wednesday that his firm had sold some Apple Inc. shares and that the U.S. Federal Reserve may not end its bond buying this year."
"Icahn calls for return of Glass-Steagall: FOX Business " "Billionaire activist Carl Icahn  who has been making headlines with his epic battle with Apple Inc.  might have another one on his hands - this time with his banker friends."
"Icahn calls for return of Glass-Steagall - FOX Business " "Feb 11 Billionaire activist Carl Icahn  who has been making headlines with his epic battle with Apple Inc.   might have another one on his hands - this time with his banker friends."
"Taiwan stocks rise; Apple  Tesla suppliers jump " "TAIPEI  Feb 12 Taiwan stocks rose 0.5 percent along with Wall Street on Wednesday  paced by gains in suppliers of Apple Inc and Tesla Motors.     At around half an hour into trade  the main TAIEX index  had climbed to 8 472.58 points  extending a 0.5 percent rise in the prior session.     Techs and financials  the two most heavily-weighted sub indexes  advanced 0.7 percent and 0.6 percent  respectively.     Apple's suppliers were higher  with Largan Precision  and Hon Hai Precision I"
"UPDATE 1-DoubleLine's Gundlach says firm sold some Apple shares - CNBC " "NEW YORK  Feb 12 Jeffrey Gundlach  chief executive and chief investment officer of DoubleLine Capital  said on Wednesday that his firm had sold some Apple Inc.  shares and that the U.S. Federal Reserve may not end its bond buying this year."
"Apple supplier review uncovers fewer child labor cases " "Apple Inc uncovered fewer cases of child labor than a year ago in its annual survey of the international supply chain that makes parts for its iPhones and iPads."
"Apple supplier review uncovers fewer child labor cases " "Feb 13 Apple Inc uncovered fewer cases of child labor than a year ago in its annual survey of the international supply chain that makes parts for its iPhones and iPads."
"LG Elec unveils larger-screen phone to take on Samsung  Apple " "SEOUL  Feb 13 South Korea's LG Electronics  unveiled a revamped version of its large-screen smartphone G Pro on Thursday  seeking to woo customers ahead of a rival offering from market leader Samsung Electronics  later this month."
"Nvidia puts plans for new Silicon Valley campus on hold " "SAN FRANCISCO Graphics chipmaker Nvidia Corp has halted plans to build a flashy new campus that could have rivaled the architectural ambitions of major Silicon Valley neighbors like Facebook Inc and Apple Inc."
"UPDATE 3-Nvidia puts plans for new Silicon Valley campus on hold " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 12 Graphics chipmaker Nvidia Corp has halted plans to build a flashy new campus that could have rivaled the architectural ambitions of major Silicon Valley neighbors like Facebook Inc and Apple Inc ."
"eBay  Facebook and General Motors attract hedge fund buyers " "Top U.S. hedge fund managers in the fourth quarter focused on the consumer sector  with investment plays ranging from high-end auction house Sotheby's to eBay Inc  the multinational Internet consumer-to-consumer corporation."
"Sotheby's  eBay  Facebook attract hedge fund buyers " "Feb 14 Top U.S. hedge fund managers in the fourth quarter zoned in on the consumer sector  with investment plays ranging from high-end auction house Sotheby's to eBay Inc  the multinational Internet consumer-to-consumer corporation."
"UPDATE 2-Japan Display set for Tokyo listing worth around $3.8 bln " "* Will use part of funds to invest in equipment for smartphone market  auto LCD panels"
"Top U.S. hedge funds cling to eBay  Apple in fourth quarter " "NEW YORK E-commerce auction house eBay Inc became a darling among top U.S. hedge funds in the fourth quarter just before billionaire activist investor Carl Icahn urged the company to spin off its PayPal payments business  regulatory filings showed on Friday."
"Top U.S. hedge funds cling to eBay  Apple in fourth quarter " "NEW YORK  Feb 14 E-commerce auction house eBay Inc became a darling among top U.S. hedge funds in the fourth quarter just before billionaire activist investor Carl Icahn urged the company to spin off its PayPal payments business  regulatory filings showed on Friday."
"Apple looking at cars  medical devices for growth: report " "Apple Inc is looking at cars and medical devices to diversify its sources of revenue as growth from iPhones and iPads slow  according to a San Francisco Chronicle report."
"Apple looking at cars  medical devices for growth - report " "Feb 18 Apple Inc is looking at cars and medical devices to diversify its sources of revenue as growth from iPhones and iPads slow  according to a San Francisco Chronicle report."
"Taiwan's Foxconn to list connector unit earlier than stated -WSJ " "TAIPEI  Feb 18 Hon Hai Precision Industry Co Ltd   the Apple Inc products maker trading under the name Foxconn  will list its industrial cable and connector unit on the Taiwan exchange next year  earlier than initially stated  the Wall Street Journal reported on Tuesday."
"Upsetting the app cart: Asian messaging services challenge mobile order " "Asian chat services KakaoTalk  LINE and WeChat threaten to overturn the mobile order of things  usurping the role of Google Inc  Apple Inc  Amazon.com Inc  Facebook Inc and telecoms carriers as gatekeeper to the consumer."
"Upsetting the app cart: Asian messaging services challenge mobile order " "Feb 19 Asian chat services KakaoTalk  LINE and WeChat threaten to overturn the mobile order of things  usurping the role of Google Inc  Apple Inc  Amazon.com Inc  Facebook Inc and telecoms carriers as gatekeeper to the consumer."
"Tesla CEO confirms talks with Apple - Bloomberg TV " "DETROIT  Feb 20 Tesla Motors Inc has had ""conversations"" with Apple Inc  Chief Executive Elon Musk confirmed to Bloomberg TV on Thursday  but he would not comment on whether those talks revolved around acquisitions."
"UPDATE 1-Tesla CEO confirms Apple talks  says deal 'unlikely' - Bloomberg TV " "DETROIT  Feb 20 Tesla Motors Inc has had ""conversations"" with Apple Inc  Chief Executive Elon Musk confirmed to Bloomberg TV on Thursday  responding to speculation that the iPhone and iPad maker had shown interest in the electric car company."
"Taiwan stocks rise; suppliers of Tesla Motors  Apple up " "TAIPEI  Feb 21 Taiwan stocks rose 0.8 percent on Friday as market sentiment was buoyed by rallies on Wall Street and regional bourses  with suppliers of Tesla Motors  rising after the U.S. electric car maker posed better-than-expected quarterly results      Cub Elecparts and BizLink Holding  which make components for Tesla  were both up more than 2 percent. Tesla shares ended up 8.4 percent after hitting an intraday record on Thursday on the Nasdaq.     Largan Precision  a camera pho"
"UPDATE 1-With WhatsApp deal  Sequoia Capital burnishes reputation " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 20 Shortly after moving to Silicon Valley in 2004  the young Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg pulled a prank on Sequoia Capital by making an investment pitch in his pajamas."
"With WhatsApp deal  Sequoia Capital burnishes reputation " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 20 Shortly after moving to Silicon Valley in 2004  the young Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg pulled a prank on Sequoia Capital by making an investment pitch in his pajamas."
"With WhatsApp deal  Sequoia Capital burnishes reputation " "SAN FRANCISCO Shortly after moving to Silicon Valley in 2004  the young Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg pulled a prank on Sequoia Capital by making an investment pitch in his pajamas."
"Apple promises fix 'very soon' for Macs with failed encryption " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc said on Saturday it would issue a software update ""very soon"" to cut off the ability of spies and hackers to grab email  financial information and other sensitive data from Mac computers."
"Apple promises fix ""very soon"" for Macs with failed encryption " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 22 Apple Inc said on Saturday it would issue a software update ""very soon"" to cut off the ability of spies and hackers to grab email  financial information and other sensitive data from Mac computers."
"Apple says security flaw could allow hackers to beat iPhone encryption " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 21 A major flaw in Apple Inc  software for mobile devices could allow hackers to intercept email and other communications that are meant to be encrypted  the company said in a Friday afternoon announcement."
"Apple security flaw could allow hackers to beat encryption " "SAN FRANCISCO A major flaw in Apple Inc software for mobile devices could allow hackers to intercept email and other communications that are meant to be encrypted  the company said on Friday  and experts said Mac computers were even more exposed."
"UPDATE 1-Apple security flaw could allow hackers to beat encryption " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 21 A major flaw in Apple Inc  software for mobile devices could allow hackers to intercept email and other communications that are meant to be encrypted  the company said on Friday  and experts said Mac computers were even more exposed."
"G20 agrees on push to close tax loopholes  make multinationals pay " " "
"RPT-G20 agrees on push to close tax loopholes  make multinationals pay " "SYDNEY  Feb 23 The world's top economies agreed on Sunday to develop stricter rules on cross-border taxation to close loopholes that have allowed multinationals such as Starbucks Corp  Google Inc  Apple Inc  and Amazon.com Inc to avoid paying taxes."
"RF Micro to buy TriQuint to boost mobile chips business " "Chipmaker RF Micro Devices Inc will buy peer TriQuint Semiconductor Inc for about $1.6 billion to capture a larger share of the market for chips supplied to Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd."
"Tie  tee or tiz? Operating systems also-rans seek to outsmart Google  Apple " "Feb 24 You may have heard of the operating system Tizen (you may even know how to pronounce it: tie-zen  not tee-zen or tiz-zen). But the chances of it running your smartphone are slim  about the same as having had one of its predecessors or rivals: Maemo  Moblin  MeeGo  Bada  Ubuntu  Sailfish or Firefox."
"UPDATE 2-RF Micro to buy TriQuint to boost mobile chips business " "* Offer of $9.73 per TriQuint share at 5.4 pct premium to Friday close"
"Apple issues fix for glaring security flaw on Mac computers " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc has issued fixes for a security flaw in its Macintosh computers that allows hackers to intercept data such as email  patching a major and embarrassing glitch that came to light several days ago."
"Apple issues fix for glaring security flaw on Mac computers " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 25 Apple Inc has issued fixes for a security flaw in its Macintosh computers that allows hackers to intercept data such as email  patching a major and embarrassing glitch that came to light several days ago."
"Chipmaker Avago says it lost revenue from smartphone maker " "Chipmaker Avago Technologies Limited  said it expects current-quarter sales to decline 3-6 percent from the first quarter as it lost revenue from a smartphone maker  which analysts said could be Apple Inc ."
"UPDATE 1-Chipmaker Avago says it lost revenue from smartphone maker " "Feb 25 Chipmaker Avago Technologies Limited  said it expects current-quarter sales to decline 3-6 percent from the first quarter as it lost revenue from a smartphone maker  which analysts said could be Apple Inc ."
"Apple urges U.S. appeals court to void 'radical' e-books ruling " "NEW YORK Apple Inc urged a U.S. appeals court to throw out a judge's ""radical"" finding that it violated antitrust law by manipulating electronic book prices  and blamed publishers for running a conspiracy it claimed to know nothing about."
"Apple urges U.S. appeals court to void 'radical' e-books ruling " "NEW YORK  Feb 26 Apple Inc urged a U.S. appeals court to throw out a judge's ""radical"" finding that it violated antitrust law by manipulating electronic book prices  and blamed publishers for running a conspiracy it claimed to know nothing about."
"Nintendo urged to develop mobile games by hedge fund shareholder " "HONG KONG  Feb 26 Seth Fischer  one of Asia's best-known hedge fund managers  wrote to Nintendo Co Ltd  on Wednesday urging the company to develop and sell games for mobile platforms run by Apple Inc and Google Inc."
"UPDATE 1-Shareholder pushes Nintendo to join mobile gaming race " "* Hedge fund manager Seth Fischer writes 2nd Nintendo letter"
"Europe invites Apple  Google to discuss 'in-app' purchases " "BRUSSELS The European Commission announced plans on Thursday to tackle one of the scourges of the modern age - games on tablets and mobile phones that allow adults and children to rack up vast credit card bills by making ""in-app"" purchases."
"REFILE-Europe invites Apple  Google to discuss ""in-app"" purchases " "BRUSSELS  Feb 27 The European Commission announced plans on Thursday to tackle one of the scourges of the modern age - games on tablets and mobile phones that allow adults and children to rack up vast credit card bills by making ""in-app"" purchases."
"UPDATE 1-William Demant's 2014 outlook disappoints  shares slip " "* FY 2013 operating profit 1.78 bln DKK vs 1.81 bln forecast"
"Apple CEO promises new products  says Apple TV no longer a 'hobby' " "CUPERTINO  California Apple Inc sold more than $1 billion of Apple TV set-top boxes in 2013 and is investing heavily in the next generation of products  Chief Executive Tim Cook said at the company's annual meeting on Friday."
"German court rejects 1.6 billion euro claim vs Apple by IPCom " "MANNHEIM  Germany A German court on Friday dismissed a lawsuit filed against Apple by German patent manager IPCom claiming 1.57 billion euros ($2.15 billion) in damages."
"German court rejects 1.6 bln eur claim vs Apple by IPCom " "MANNHEIM  Germany  Feb 28 A German court on Friday dismissed a lawsuit filed against Apple by German patent manager IPCom claiming 1.57 billion euros ($2.15 billion) in damages."
"More than $1 billion worth of Apple TVs sold in 2013 -CEO " "CUPERTINO  Calif.  Feb 28 Apple Inc CEO Tim Cook said the company had sold more than $1 billion's worth of Apple TV set-top boxes in 2013  a small but significant number for a $99 device that has played second fiddle to the iPhone  iPad and Macintosh computer for years."
"UPDATE 2-Apple CEO promises new products  says Apple TV no longer a ""hobby"" " "CUPERTINO  Calif.  Feb 28 Apple Inc  sold more than $1 billion of Apple TV set-top boxes in 2013 and is investing heavily in the next generation of products  Chief Executive Tim Cook said at the company's annual meeting on Friday."
"Apple launches iPhone voice control for drivers " "FRANKFURT Apple makes its next move in hands-free smartphone technology for car drivers when it unveils a new  integrated iPhone voice-control system at the Geneva Motor Show this week."
"Apple launches iPhone voice control for drivers " "FRANKFURT  March 3 Apple makes its next move in hands-free smartphone technology for car drivers when it unveils a new  integrated iPhone voice-control system at the Geneva Motor Show this week."
"Goldman Sachs names Apple's Oppenheimer to board " "Goldman Sachs Group Inc  named Peter Oppenheimer  the chief financial officer of Apple Inc   as an independent director."
"Goldman Sachs names Apple's Oppenheimer to board " "March 3 Goldman Sachs Group Inc named Peter Oppenheimer  the chief financial officer of Apple Inc   as an independent director."
"Apple CFO Oppenheimer to retire at end of September " "March 4 Apple Inc said Chief Financial Officer Peter Oppenheimer would retire at the end of September."
"Apple's new finance steward Maestri takes over $160 billion cash haul " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc's Chief Financial Officer Peter Oppenheimer will retire and hand the reins to Luca Maestri in September  entrusting to the Italian-born executive a cash pile the size of Vietnam's economy and the difficult task of guiding Wall Street's expectations."
"UPDATE 4-Apple's new finance steward Maestri takes over $160 bln cash haul " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 4 Apple Inc's  Chief Financial Officer Peter Oppenheimer will retire and hand the reins to Luca Maestri in September  entrusting to the Italian-born executive a cash pile the size of Vietnam's economy and the difficult task of guiding Wall Street's expectations."
"Apple's new finance steward Maestri takes over $160 billion cash haul " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc's Chief Financial Officer Peter Oppenheimer will retire and hand the reins to Luca Maestri in September  entrusting to the Italian-born executive a cash pile the size of Vietnam's economy and the difficult task of guiding Wall Street's expectations."
"CORRECTED-UPDATE 4-Apple's new finance steward Maestri takes over $160 bln cash haul " "(Corrects Tuesday story to clarify that subject of paragraph nine is Maestri  not Oppenheimer)"
"Russia's Megafon to buy 750 000 iPhones in 3 years " "MOSCOW  March 5 Russia's second-biggest mobile phone operator  Megafon   said it would buy at least 750 000 iPhones from Apple Inc over the next three years for resale through its retail network."
"Russia's Megafon to buy 750 000 iPhones in 3 years " "MOSCOW Russia's second-biggest mobile phone operator  Megafon  said it would buy at least 750 000 iPhones from Apple Inc over the next three years for resale through its retail network."
"Apple loses bid for U.S. ban on Samsung smartphone sales " "SAN FRANCISCO A U.S. judge on Thursday rejected Apple's request for a permanent sales ban in the United States against some older Samsung smartphones  a key setback for the iPhone maker in its global patent battle."
"Apple loses bid for U.S. ban on Samsung smartphone sales " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 6 A U.S. judge on Thursday rejected Apple Inc's request for a permanent sales ban in the United States against some older Samsung smartphones  a key setback for the iPhone maker in its global patent battle."
"Pixelworks' shares soar after it reveals Apple as major customer " "March 6 Shares of Pixelworks Inc  which makes chips for digital display  rose 54 percent a day after the company revealed that Apple Inc is among its largest customers."
"Pixelworks' shares soar after it reveals Apple as major customer " "Shares of Pixelworks Inc   which makes chips for digital display  rose 54 percent a day after the company revealed that Apple Inc  is among its largest customers."
"UPDATE 1-Apple loses bid for U.S. ban on Samsung smartphone sales " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 6 A U.S. judge on Thursday rejected Apple's request for a permanent sales ban in the United States against some older Samsung smartphones  a key setback for the iPhone maker in its global patent battle."
"REFILE-Hon Hai looks to add 15 000 new hires in 2014 " "TAIPEI  March 10 Taiwan's Hon Hai Precision Industry Co Ltd  the main assembler of products for Apple Inc  plans to add 15 000 new employees to its staff of over 1 million this year in one of the biggest yearly recruitment campaigns in its history."
"SINGAPORE PRESS-Creative Technologies unit sues Apple  Samsung - Business Times " "Creative Technology's wholly owned subsidiary  ZiiLabs  has sued tech giants Samsung Electronics Co  and Apple Inc for alleged patent infringement."
"Disney faces latest investor proposal to nominate directors " "March 13 Walt Disney Co shareholders are expected to vote at its March 18 annual meeting on a resolution that asks the company to allow large shareholders to nominate board members  the latest bid by investor groups to win ""proxy access"" rights."
"Disney faces latest investor proposal to nominate directors " "Walt Disney Co shareholders are expected to vote at its March 18 annual meeting on a resolution that asks the company to allow large shareholders to nominate board members  the latest bid by investor groups to win ""proxy access"" rights."
"UPDATE 1-HTC  Huawei  ZTE did not violate FlashPoint patents-U.S. panel " "WASHINGTON  March 14 HTC Corp and others did not violate digital camera patents owned by Apple Inc  spinoff FlashPoint Technology to make their smartphones  the U.S. International Trade Commission said on Friday."
"Microsoft's CEO may unveil Office for iPad on March 27 -source " "March 17 Microsoft Corp Chief Executive Satya Nadella may unveil an iPad version of the company's Office software suite on March 27  a source told Reuters  potentially using his first major press outing to launch the company's most profitable product for Apple Inc's popular tablet."
"Microsoft's CEO may unveil Office for iPad on March 27: source " "Microsoft Corp Chief Executive Satya Nadella may unveil an iPad version of the company's Office software suite on March 27  a source familiar with the event told Reuters  and use his first big press appearance to launch the company's most profitable product in a version compatible with Apple Inc's popular tablet."
"RPT-UPDATE 1-Microsoft's CEO may unveil Office for iPad on March 27 -source " "March 17 Microsoft Corp Chief Executive Satya Nadella may unveil an iPad version of the company's Office software suite on March 27  a source familiar with the event told Reuters  and use his first big press appearance to launch the company's most profitable product in a version compatible with Apple Inc's popular tablet."
"UPDATE 1-Microsoft's CEO may unveil Office for iPad on March 27 -source " "March 17 Microsoft Corp Chief Executive Satya Nadella may unveil an iPad version of the company's Office software suite on March 27  a source familiar with the event told Reuters  and use his first big press appearance to launch the company's most profitable product in a version compatible with Apple Inc's popular tablet."
"Apple replaces iPad 2 with iPad 4  launches cheaper iPhone 5C " "Apple Inc said it would offer an iPad 4 tablet in place of the mid-range iPad 2 at the same price and the company launched a cheaper  lower capacity version of its plastic-backed iPhone 5C in Australia  China and some European countries."
"CORRECTED-Apple to replace iPad 2 with upgraded iPad 4 " "(Corrects paragraph 4 to say the iPad 2's price was reduced in 2012  not last year)"
"UPDATE 1-Apple replaces iPad 2 with iPad 4  launches cheaper iPhone 5C " "March 18 Apple Inc said it would offer an iPad 4 tablet in place of the mid-range iPad 2 at the same price and the company launched a cheaper  lower capacity version of its plastic-backed iPhone 5C in Australia  China and some European countries."
"Apple shares to be fueled by new iPhone: Barron's " "Apple Inc shares could rise by 20 percent over the next year  fueled by sales of a new version of its iPhone smartphone that is expected to have a bigger screen  according to an article in the March 24 edition of Barron's."
"Apple shares to be fueled by new iPhone - Barron's " "March 23 Apple Inc shares could rise by 20 percent over the next year  fueled by sales of a new version of its iPhone smartphone that is expected to have a bigger screen  according to an article in the March 24 edition of Barron's."
"Apple in talks with Comcast for streaming-TV service: WSJ " "Apple Inc is in talks with Comcast Corp to enter into a deal for a streaming-television service that would allow Apple set-top boxes to bypass congestion on the web  the Wall Street Journal reported  citing people familiar with the matter. | Video "
"EU orders Luxembourg to hand over corporate tax practices information " "BRUSSELS  March 24 European Union antitrust regulators ordered Luxembourg on Monday to hand over information on its corporate tax practices as part of their investigation into tax loopholes which have allowed companies such as Starbucks and Apple to cut their tax bills."
"Netflix shares fall on Comcast-Apple report " "March 24 Netflix shares slumped more than 7 percent on Monday after a report about a new television streaming product that Comcast and Apple were working on together."
"Netflix shares fall on Comcast-Apple report " "Netflix shares slumped more than 7 percent on Monday after a report about a new television streaming product that Comcast and Apple were working on together."
"Tech leads Wall Street lower as Ukraine casts a shadow " "NEW YORK U.S. stocks fell on Monday  with some of the market's recent best performers like technology and biotech shares leading the way down. | Video "
"UPDATE 1-Taiwan's Pegatron to focus on mobiles  sees PC turnaround " "* Q4 net profit hits T$3.38 billion vs analyst estimates of T$2.84 billion"
"US STOCKS-Futures edge up on hope for Chinese stimulus " "NEW YORK  March 24 U.S. stock index futures edged higher on Monday as a weak reading on Chinese manufacturing raised hopes that the Chinese government would issue new stimulus to combat slowing momentum  though ongoing tensions in Ukraine weighed on sentiment."
"US STOCKS-Futures imply slight gains on hope for Chinese stimulus " "* Futures up: Dow 28 pts  S&P 5 pts  Nasdaq 9 pts   (Updates prices  adds NU Skin)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St lower  investors take profit in high-flying names " "* Nasdaq hit as trading favorites like Netflix  Tesla sink"
"US STOCKS-Wall St slumps  Nasdaq under 50-day moving average " "* Nasdaq hit as trading favorites like Netflix  Tesla sink"
"HTC debuts flagship smartphone in race against Samsung " "LONDON  March 25 Taiwan's HTC Corp  unveiled a new flagship smartphone on Tuesday  an upgrade to the award-winning HTC One that it hopes will claw back some of the market share lost to Samsung."
"UPDATE 2-BlackBerry's enterprise offering wins U.S. security clearance " "TORONTO  March 26 BlackBerry Ltd   has received a coveted security clearance that paves the way for U.S. government agencies to use its systems to manage and secure Android- and iOS-powered devices operating on their internal networks  the smartphone maker said on Wednesday."
"Microsoft CEO signals new course with Office for iPad " "SAN FRANCISCO Microsoft Corp's new Chief Executive Officer  Satya Nadella  finally unveiled Office for Apple Inc's iPad in a polished debut that set him apart from his energetic predecessor while signaling his plans to make mobile apps the top priority at the world's largest software company."
"Settlement progress seen in Silicon Valley hiring lawsuit " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  March 27 Apple Inc  Google Inc and two other Silicon Valley companies are making progress toward settling a closely watched lawsuit where tech workers allege the companies conspired to avoid competing for each other's employees in order to drive down wages."
"Settlement progress seen in Silicon Valley hiring lawsuit " "SAN JOSE  California Apple Inc  Google Inc and two other Silicon Valley companies are making progress toward settling a closely watched lawsuit where tech workers allege the companies conspired to avoid competing for each other's employees in order to drive down wages."
"Top Kindle exec to update on Amazon video business next week " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 27 Amazon.com Inc will hold a rare press conference in New York on April 2 amid intense speculation that it will reveal a streaming device that rivals the Apple TV and Google Chromcast."
"UPDATE 4-Microsoft CEO signals new course with Office for iPad " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 27 Microsoft Corp's  new Chief Executive Officer  Satya Nadella  finally unveiled Office for Apple Inc's iPad in a polished debut that set him apart from his energetic predecessor while signaling his plans to make mobile apps the top priority at the world's largest software company."
"Apple  Google lose bid to avoid trial on tech worker lawsuit " "SAN FRANCISCO A U.S. judge on Friday rejected a request from Apple  Google and two other tech companies to win judgment before trial in a class action lawsuit alleging a scheme to drive down wages among tech workers."
"GN Store Nord's iPhone hearing aid boosts U.S. customer base " "COPENHAGEN Danish hearing aids group GN Store Nord has seen a jump in its U.S. costumer base following the launch of a new product developed jointly with Apple for the iPhone  the company told analysts at an industry conference in Orlando."
"Microsoft CEO signals new course with Office for iPad " "SAN FRANCISCO Microsoft Corp's new Chief Executive Officer  Satya Nadella  finally unveiled Office for Apple Inc's iPad in a polished debut that set him apart from his energetic predecessor while signaling his plans to make mobile apps the top priority at the world's largest software company. | Video "
"UPDATE 1-Apple  Google lose bid to avoid trial on tech worker lawsuit " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 28 A U.S. judge on Friday rejected a request from Apple  Google and two other tech companies to win judgment before trial in a class action lawsuit alleging a scheme to drive down wages among tech workers."
"UPDATE 1-U.S. judge OKs class action in e-book suit against Apple " "(Adds details from ruling  background  paragraphs 3-12  adds byline)"
"U.S. judge OKs class action in e-book suit against Apple " "NEW YORK A federal judge in New York granted class certification on Friday to a group of consumers who sued Apple Inc for conspiring with five major publishers to fix e-book prices in violation of antitrust law."
"U.S. judge OKs class action status in e-book suit against Apple " "NEW YORK  March 28 A federal judge in New York granted class certification on Friday to a group of consumers who sued Apple Inc for conspiring with five major publishers to fix e-book prices in violation of antitrust law."
"U.S. judge rejects Apple  Google bid to avoid trial in hiring lawsuit " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 28 A U.S. judge on Friday rejected a request from Apple  Google and two other tech companies to win judgment before trial in a class action lawsuit over hiring."
"UPDATE 2-Apple  Google lose bid to avoid trial on tech worker lawsuit " "(Adds Apple declined to comment and additional detail  paragraphs 5  9-13)"
"U.S. judge OKs class action in e-book suit against Apple " "NEW YORK A federal judge in New York granted class certification on Friday to a group of consumers who sued Apple Inc for conspiring with five major publishers to fix e-book prices in violation of antitrust law."
"Parents get do-over for in-app purchases by kids " "Although Seana Mulcahy considers herself tech savvy  she was thrown a bit when her 8-year-old son Logan not once  but twice  ran up charges using apps downloaded from Apple Inc's online iTunes store."
"Samsung Elec's mobile head paycheck hits $5.8 mln  beating Apple's Cook " "SEOUL  March 31 Head of Samsung Electronics Co's  mobile business  J.K. Shin  received a $5.8 million compensation package last year  beating the paycheck of his counterpart at U.S. rival Apple Inc  the South Korean firm said on Monday in its first such disclosure under new regulations."
"Samsung Electronics' mobile head paycheck hits $5.8 million  beating Apple's Cook " "SEOUL Head of Samsung Electronics Co's mobile business  J.K. Shin  received a $5.8 million compensation package last year  beating the paycheck of his counterpart at U.S. rival Apple Inc  the South Korean firm said on Monday in its first such disclosure under new regulations."
"Apple again seeks decisive U.S. court ruling against Samsung " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  April 1 Apple and Samsung return to federal court on Tuesday for opening statements in their latest patent battle  with the iPhone maker expected to present more detailed evidence in its attempt to win a U.S. ban on sales of several Samsung smartphones."
"Apple again seeks decisive U.S. court ruling against Samsung " "SAN JOSE  California An Apple Inc attorney told jurors the company deserves about $2 billion from Samsung for copying the iPhone  but a Samsung lawyer said Apple was merely seeking to make up for losing its lead in the smartphone market. | Video "
"Apple in talks to buy Renesas stake in chip design unit: Nikkei " "Apple Inc is in talks to buy Japan-based Renesas Electronics Corp's stake in a unit that designs liquid crystal display chips for iPhones for about 50 billion yen ($483 million)  the Nikkei reported  without identifying a source."
"Apple in talks to buy Renesas stake in chip design unit - Nikkei " "April 2 Apple Inc is in talks to buy Japan-based Renesas Electronics Corp's stake in a unit that designs liquid crystal display chips for iPhones for about 50 billion yen ($483 million)  the Nikkei reported  without identifying a source."
"New iPhone 6 screens to enter production as early as May: sources " "TOKYO Apple Inc suppliers will begin mass producing displays as early as May for the next iPhone  expected to be launched this autumn  with a 4.7-inch screen likely to be produced first while a 5.5-inch version could be delayed  supply chain sources said."
"New iPhone 6 screens to enter production as early as May -sources " "TOKYO  April 1 Apple Inc suppliers will begin mass producing displays as early as May for the next iPhone  expected to be launched this autumn  with a 4.7-inch screen likely to be produced first while a 5.5-inch version could be delayed  supply chain sources said."
"UPDATE 2-Apple again seeks decisive U.S. court ruling against Samsung " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  April 1 An Apple Inc attorney told jurors the company deserves about $2 billion from Samsung for copying the iPhone  but a Samsung lawyer said Apple was merely seeking to make up for losing its lead in the smartphone market."
"Amazon unveils Fire TV to rival Apple  Roku " "NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO  April 2 Amazon.com Inc  unveiled a video streaming device dubbed Fire TV on Wednesday that can pipe video directly to television and offers a more prominent showcase for the e-commerce giant's slate of original programming."
"Apple in talks to buy Japan chip venture to secure iPhone supply chain " "TOKYO Apple Inc  seeking to secure its mobile supply chain  has opened discussions to buy control of a Japanese venture that makes key microchips for its iPhone screens  sources familiar with the matter say."
"BUSINESS-NEWS-SCHEDULE AT 0830 GMT / 4.30 AM ET " "LONDON - World share markets add to their recent rally as investors choose to focus on the positive in a mixed bag of global economic data  tipping the safe haven yen to a 10-week low. (MARKETS-GLOBAL/ (WRAPUP 4)  expect by 0900 GMT/5 AM ET  by Marc Jones  800 words)"
"Deals of the day- Mergers and acquisitions " "(Adds Lufthansa  Eni  RWE  Vodacom  Hypo Real Estate  Yamana Gold  Advent International  Raizen)"
"Market Chatter- Corporate finance press digest " "April 2 The following corporate finance-related stories were reported by media:"
"Nikkei hits 3-week high on weak yen  Renesas jumps on Apple news " "TOKYO  April 2 Japan's Nikkei share average rose to a fresh three-week high on Wednesday as sentiment was helped by a weakening yen  while Renesas Electronics Corp  jumped on news that it is in talks with Apple Inc and other potential buyers to buy its stake in a smartphone display chip unit.     Renesas soared as much as 19 percent to 934 yen - its highest since March 2011 - before ending up 6.0 percent.     Renesas is considering selling its 55 percent stake in Renesas SP Driver wh"
"RPT-Market Chatter- Corporate finance press digest " "April 2 The following corporate finance-related stories were reported by media:"
"UPDATE 4-Amazon leaps into home entertainment fray with $99 Fire TV " "NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO  April 2 Amazon.com Inc  made a play for the increasingly crowded home entertainment arena by unveiling the $99 ""Fire TV"" video and game streaming device on Wednesday  with hopes of boosting its main online retail business over the longer term."
"UPDATE 4-Apple in talks to buy Japan chip venture to secure iPhone supply chain " "* Renesas shares surge to three-year high   (Rewrites first paragraph  adds context on global supply chain in paragraph 3)"
"Apple  Pfizer  others form ""go slow"" U.S. patent lobby group " "WASHINGTON  April 3 Major U.S. companies including Ford  Apple and Pfizer have formed a lobbying group aimed at pushing back at some changes to the patent system members of Congress have proposed  saying these measures would hinder protection of valuable inventions."
"Apple  Pfizer  others form 'go slow' U.S. patent lobby group " "WASHINGTON Major U.S. companies including Ford  Apple and Pfizer have formed a lobbying group aimed at pushing back at some changes to the patent system members of Congress have proposed  saying these measures would hinder protection of valuable inventions."
"Apple  Intertrust settle year-old patent suit " "April 4 Apple Inc has agreed to settle a year-old patent infringement lawsuit with Intertrust Technologies Corp  a software firm owned by a group that includes Sony Corp and Philips  according to court filings."
"Market Chatter- Corporate finance press digest " "April 7 The following corporate finance-related stories were reported by media:"
"Big push into gaming brings out Amazon's gentler side " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc  a company known for its ruthless drive  is courting the free-wheeling coders and dreamers of the gaming industry with a lighter touch as it seeks to break into an arena now dominated by Apple and Google."
"Big push into gaming brings out Amazon's gentler side " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 8 Amazon.com Inc  a company known for its ruthless drive  is courting the free-wheeling coders and dreamers of the gaming industry with a lighter touch as it seeks to break into an arena now dominated by Apple and Google."
"Comcast defends Time Warner Cable deal as U.S. review kicks off " "WASHINGTON/NEW YORK Comcast Corp sought to rebut critics of its planned $45.2 billion takeover of Time Warner Cable Inc  arguing that newcomers like Google Inc and Apple Inc would ensure competition in both Internet and video markets."
"Untaxed U.S. corporate profits held overseas top $2.1 trln -study " "* Senate Finance Committee Chairman Wyden calls for reform"
"UPDATE 3-Comcast defends Time Warner Cable deal as U.S. review kicks off " "* Says merger would not eliminate cable or broadband competition   (Recasts throughout; adds details on broadband market)"
"In smartphone mass-market  Samsung  Apple have margins on their minds " "SEOUL As the smartphone action shifts to the mass market  leaders Samsung Electronics Co Ltd and Apple Inc are under pressure to make their high-end phones more affordable to revive sales. And that may spell trouble for already-softening margins."
"iPhone's 'slide to unlock' creator Greg Christie to leave Apple: WSJ " "Apple Inc's Greg Christie  who led the company's ""human interface"" team that designs software for its products  is leaving the company  the Wall Street Journal reported  citing an internal email."
"Technology group Kudelski says Apple infringed patents " "ZURICH  April 10 Technology group Kudelski  said its OpenTV and Nagravision subsidiaries have filed a lawsuit against Apple Inc in a court in northern California alleging the iPhone maker has infringed five U.S. patents."
"Amazon to unveil smartphone in time for holidays -WSJ " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 11 Amazon.com Inc  is preparing to launch its long-rumored smartphone in the second half of the year  the Wall Street Journal cited people briefed on the company's plans as saying  jumping into a crowded market dominated by Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd ."
"Amazon to unveil smartphone in time for winter holidays: WSJ " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc is preparing to launch its long-rumored smartphone in the second half of the year  the Wall Street Journal reported on Friday  citing people briefed on the company's plans."
"As Internet shares break down  investors see value in old tech " "NEW YORK  April 11 The last six weeks have been terrible for many technology shares  but not for the four horsemen that sat atop the last tech boom."
"Exclusive: Microsoft  Apple diverge on bankrolling big patent buyer " "SAN FRANCISCO Patent buyer Intellectual Ventures has persuaded Microsoft and Sony to invest in its latest acquisition fund while Apple and Intel  which invested with IV previously  declined to participate  according to people briefed on the fundraising."
"Apple antitrust compliance off to a promising start: monitor " "NEW YORK Apple Inc has made a ""promising start"" to enhancing its antitrust compliance program after being found liable last year for conspiring to raise e-book prices  but more work is required  a court-appointed monitor said Monday."
"Apple antitrust compliance off to a promising start -monitor " "NEW YORK  April 14 Apple Inc has made a ""promising start"" to enhancing its antitrust compliance program after being found liable last year for conspiring to raise e-book prices  but more work is required  a court-appointed monitor said Monday."
"COLUMN-How to avoid the trouble coming to the tech sector " "(The opinions expressed here are those of the author  a columnist for Reuters.)"
"How to avoid the trouble coming to the tech sector " "CHICAGO A resounding shot across the bow has been fired at the tech sector in recent weeks. The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index is down nearly 5 percent in April through Friday's close and the Nasdaq Biotechnology Index is off 21 percent from its record closing high on February 25. Many of the sector's flagships and newcomers have been in the crosshairs."
"Apple cannot escape U.S. states' e-book antitrust cases: judge " "NEW YORK Apple Inc on Tuesday lost an attempt to dismiss lawsuits by state attorneys general accusing it of conspiring with five major publishers to fix e-book prices."
"Apple cannot escape U.S. states' e-book antitrust cases - judge " "NEW YORK  April 15 Apple Inc on Tuesday lost an attempt to dismiss lawsuits by state attorneys general accusing it of conspiring with five major publishers to fix e-book prices."
"Keep Steve Jobs' personality out of trial: tech companies " "SAN FRANCISCO Witnesses at an upcoming trial over no-hire agreements in Silicon Valley should not be allowed to offer evidence that Apple co-founder Steve Jobs was ""a bully "" four major tech companies argued in a court filing."
"Smartphone makers  carriers embrace anti-theft initiative " "NEW YORK  April 15 Major U.S. wireless carriers and smartphone makers have agreed to introduce tools to enable users to lock their devices and wipe them clean of data if stolen  responding to pressure on the telecommunications industry to do more to stem theft."
"UPDATE 1-Keep Steve Jobs' personality out of trial -tech companies " " "
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall St gets lift from Coca-Cola; Nasdaq lags " "NEW YORK  April 15 U.S. stocks ended higher after a volatile session on Tuesday  lifted by gains in Coca-Cola and Johnson & Johnson  though weakness in Apple  Tesla and Netflix limited the Nasdaq's advance."
"Samsung licenses 3D chip manufacturing tech to GlobalFoundries to win more orders " "SEOUL  April 18 Samsung Electronics Co  said on Friday it would license its latest chip manufacturing technology to U.S. firm GlobalFoundries  a move that would help it expand production as it vies with bigger rival TSMC for orders from customers like Apple Inc ."
"UPDATE 1-Patent consortium Rockstar loses bid to move Google case " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 17 A U.S. judge on Thursday rejected a request by patent consortium Rockstar to transfer patent litigation from Google Inc's home turf in California to Texas  according to a court ruling."
"Wall Street Week Ahead: Spring fever brings hope for U.S. earnings " "NEW YORK Earnings season shifts into high gear next week  and with nearly one-third of S&P 500 names set to post results  investors hope the news provides a catalyst to buy stocks and leave the market's recent weakness in the dust."
"Wall St Week Ahead-Spring fever brings hope for U.S. earnings " "NEW YORK  April 17 Earnings season shifts into high gear next week  and with nearly one-third of S&P 500 names set to post results  investors hope the news provides a catalyst to buy stocks and leave the market's recent weakness in the dust."
"Tech workers seek to use Steve Jobs evidence in upcoming trial on no-hire accords " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 17 Four large technology companies should not be allowed to limit evidence about Apple Inc co-founder Steve Jobs at an upcoming trial over no-hire agreements in Silicon Valley  according to a court document filed late on Thursday by employees suing the firms."
"Tech workers seek to use Steve Jobs evidence in upcoming trial on no-hire accords " "SAN FRANCISCO Four large technology companies should not be allowed to limit evidence about Apple Inc co-founder Steve Jobs at an upcoming trial over no-hire agreements in Silicon Valley  according to a court document filed late on Thursday by employees suing the firms."
"Apple  Google vie to offer exclusive game apps: WSJ " "Apple Inc and Google Inc are wooing game developers to ensure that top game titles arrive first on devices powered by their respective operating system  the Wall Street Journal reported  citing people familiar with the matter."
"Apple  Google vie to offer exclusive game apps - WSJ " "April 20 Apple Inc and Google Inc  are wooing game developers to ensure that top game titles arrive first on devices powered by their respective operating system  the Wall Street Journal reported  citing people familiar with the matter."
"Apple expands buybacks by $30 billion  OKs seven-for-one stock split " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc has approved another $30 billion in share buybacks till the end of 2015 and authorized a rarely seen seven-for-one stock split  addressing calls to share more of its cash hoard while broadening the stock's appeal to individual investors."
"Apple expands buybacks by $30 bln  OKs 7-for-1 stock split " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 23 Apple Inc has approved another $30 billion in share buybacks till the end of 2015 and authorized a rarely seen seven-for-one stock split  addressing calls to share more of its cash hoard while broadening the stock's appeal to individual investors."
"Chip designer ARM sees smartphone recovery in second half " "LONDON ARM Holdings  whose chip technology powers Apple's iPhone  said demand for smartphones would pick up in the second half after a disappointing end to 2013 resulted in first-quarter profit rising less than in previous years."
"UPDATE 1-Chip designer ARM sees smartphone recovery in second half " "* Shares down 3 pct   (Adds CFO comments  analyst reaction  shares)"
"UPDATE 2-Apple expands buybacks by $30 bln  OKs 7-for-1 stock split " "(Adds details from release  Icahn's tweet  updates share reaction)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St snaps six-day run; Apple to split stock " "* Dow off 0.1 pct; S&P 500 down 0.2 pct; Nasdaq off 0.8 pct   (Adds Apple results  split)"
"Apple buoys Nasdaq; Ukraine weighs on broader market " "NEW YORK The Nasdaq rose modestly in a choppy session on Thursday  lifted by a rally in Apple shares a day after the iPad maker's strong results  though tensions in Ukraine held the broader market in check. | Video "
"Apple  Google agree to settle lawsuit alleging hiring conspiracy " "SAN FRANCISCO Four major tech companies including Apple and Google have agreed to settle a lawsuit accusing them of conspiring to hold down salaries in Silicon Valley  just weeks before a high profile trial had been scheduled to begin."
"Apple supplier Cirrus Logic's quarterly results beat estimates " "April 24 Cirrus Logic Inc  a supplier to Apple Inc  reported better-than-expected quarterly results  helped by strong demand for its audio chips from the iPhone and iPad maker."
"Chipmaker Synaptics rides popularity of fingerprint ID phones " "The growing popularity of using fingerprints to unlock mobile phones and other devices is expected to drive growth at Synaptics Inc   which makes the chips enabling the technology popularized by Apple Inc's  iPhone 5S."
"Equity indexes up on Apple  Ukraine tempers rise " "NEW YORK Global equity markets rose in choppy trading on Thursday in the wake of strong earnings results from tech heavyweights Apple and Facebook  but worries about rising tensions in Ukraine limited gains and dragged the dollar lower."
"Exclusive: Apple  Google agree to pay over $300 million to settle conspiracy lawsuit " "SAN FRANCISCO Four major tech companies including Apple and Google have agreed to pay a total of $324 million to settle a lawsuit accusing them of conspiring to hold down salaries in Silicon Valley  sources familiar with the deal said  just weeks before a high profile trial had been scheduled to begin."
"EXCLUSIVE-Apple  Google agree to pay over $300 mln to settle conspiracy lawsuit " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 24 Four major tech companies including Apple and Google have agreed to pay a total of $324 million to settle a lawsuit accusing them of conspiring to hold down salaries in Silicon Valley  sources familiar with the deal said  just weeks before a high profile trial had been scheduled to begin."
"UPDATE 1-Apple supplier Cirrus Logic forecasts strong revenue " "April 24 Cirrus Logic Inc  a supplier to Apple Inc  forecast current-quarter revenue well above analysts' estimates  helped by strong demand for its audio chips from the iPhone and iPad maker  sending its shares up 4 percent after the bell."
"US STOCKS-Apple buoys Nasdaq; Ukraine weighs on broader market " "* Apple rallies a day after announcing 7-for-1 stock split"
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Apple lifts S&P 500  Nasdaq; Dow ends flat " "NEW YORK  April 24 U.S. stocks ended mostly higher in a choppy session on Thursday  powered by a rally in Apple shares a day after the iPad maker's strong results  though tensions in Ukraine limited gains."
"Apple offers to fix faulty iPhones  a rare move " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 25 Apple Inc has offered to replace faulty on-off buttons on the iPhone 5  a rare glitch that it said on Friday affected ""a small percentage"" of the previous-generation smartphones."
"Apple offers to fix rare fault in older iPhones " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc has offered to replace faulty on-off buttons on the iPhone 5  a rare glitch that it said on Friday affected ""a small percentage"" of the previous-generation smartphones."
"Apple's sales boom in communist Vietnam " "(This story corrects period for sales in the first paragraph)"
"India Morning Call-Global Markets " "NEW YORK - The Nasdaq rose modestly in a choppy session on Thursday  lifted by a rally in Apple shares a day after the iPad maker's strong results  though tensions in Ukraine held the broader market in check."
"UPDATE 1-Apple offers to fix rare fault in older iPhones " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 25 Apple Inc has offered to replace faulty on-off buttons on the iPhone 5  a rare glitch that it said on Friday affected ""a small percentage"" of the previous-generation smartphones."
"UPDATE 1-U.S. court may consider delay of Apple e-books damages trial " "(Adds details from order  no immediate comment from lawyers  background  byline  case citation)"
"UPDATE 2-U.S. appeals court revives Apple patent lawsuit against Google " "WASHINGTON  April 25 A U.S. appeals court on Friday revived patent claims Apple made against Google's Motorola Mobility unit that had been dismissed shortly before trial  giving the iPhone maker another chance to seek a sales ban against its smartphone competitor."
"U.S. appeals court revives an Apple patent lawsuit against Google " "WASHINGTON  April 25 A U.S. appeals court on Friday revived patent claims Apple made against Google subsidiary Motorola Mobility over mobile phone technology that had been dismissed by an Illinois court."
"U.S. appeals court revives Apple patent lawsuit against Google " "WASHINGTON A U.S. appeals court on Friday revived patent claims Apple made against Google's Motorola Mobility unit that had been dismissed shortly before trial  giving the iPhone maker another chance to seek a sales ban against its smartphone competitor."
"U.S. appeals court to consider Apple's request to delay e-books trial " "NEW YORK  April 25 A U.S. appeals court will consider Apple Inc's request to put off a trial scheduled for July to determine how much the iPad maker must pay in damages to customers in more than two dozen states over e-book price fixing."
"Apple coming back for more " "(This story originally appeared on IFR  a Thomson Reuters publication)"
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks gain on merger speculation  crude oil falls " "* Wall St rebounds on merger speculation  rotation into Apple"
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-S&P 500 ends up with Apple after volatile session " "NEW YORK  April 28 The S&P 500 ended higher on Monday after a volatile session  as gains in Apple and Pfizer helped offset another round of selling in some high-growth tech shares."
"US STOCKS-S&P 500  Dow end up after late rebound; Apple  Pfizer lift " "(Updates close with jump in Agenus; adds Gogo's shares down after the bell)"
"US STOCKS-S&P 500 ends up with Apple  Pfizer; Nasdaq dips " "* Pfizer works on next move in takeover bid for Astrazeneca"
"Apple bond guidance levels 10bp-20bp inside IPTs " "NEW YORK  April 29 (IFR) - Technology giant Apple has tightened guidance on its seven-tranche US dollar bond by 10bp to 20bp from initial price talk levels  reflecting strong demand for the deal that was heard to be in excess of US$30bn by midday."
"Apple bond now seen at US$10-$12bn; demand tops US$40bn -sources " "NEW YORK  April 29 (IFR) - Technology giant Apple is now expected to raise US$10bn-US$12bn from a seven-tranche bond deal  higher than initial expectations of US$8bn-US$10bn as order books climbed in excess of US$40bn  market sources said on Tuesday."
"Apple makes final pitch to U.S. jury in Samsung trial " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  April 29 Samsung transformed the smartphone market only by copying iPhone technology  an Apple attorney said on Tuesday as the two companies delivered closing arguments to jurors after a month-long trial over mobile patents."
"Apple  Samsung make final pitches to U.S. jury in patent trial " "SAN JOSE  California Apple has vastly exaggerated the importance of its patented iPhone features  a Samsung attorney said on Tuesday as the two companies delivered closing arguments to jurors after a month-long trial over mobile technology."
"European Union moves to end smartphone patent wars " "BRUSSELS The European Union's antitrust enforcer has told two top smartphone makers to stop filing aggressive patent lawsuits against rivals such as Apple  aiming to end a patent war and open the market to freer competition."
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks rise on corporate results  euro falls on inflation data " "* U.S. bond yields rise as Apple prepares huge bond deal   (Updates market action )"
"UPDATE 2-Apple  Samsung make final pitches to U.S. jury in patent trial " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  April 29 Apple has vastly exaggerated the importance of its patented iPhone features  a Samsung attorney said on Tuesday as the two companies delivered closing arguments to jurors after a month-long trial over mobile technology."
"UPDATE 2-European Union moves to end smartphone patent wars " "* EU antitrust chief: Motorola action against Apple illegal"
"UPDATE 4-Orders pour in for Apple's $12bn bond offering " "NEW YORK  April 29 (IFR) - Investors rushed on Tuesday to get a piece of Apple's new US$12bn seven-part bond deal  just the company's second foray into the US bond market."
"UPDATE 5-Orders pour in for Apple's $12bn bond offering " "NEW YORK  April 29 (IFR) - Investors rushed on Tuesday to get a piece of Apple's new US$12bn seven-part bond deal  just the company's second foray into the US bond market."
"Bailey takes the helm at Burberry " "LONDON  May 1 Christopher Bailey started his job as chief executive of Burberry on Thursday  six months after the British luxury goods group said he would take over the top role from Angela Ahrendts who leaves for Apple."
"David Einhorn's Greenlight Capital up 4.3 percent in April: sources " "David Einhorn's Greenlight Capital Inc. posted returns of 4.3 percent in April  owing to his short bets against high-flying momentum stocks and its holdings of Apple Inc. and Micron Technology  according to sources familiar with the hedge fund on Thursday."
"UPDATE 1-David Einhorn's Greenlight Capital up 4.3 percent in April -- sources " "May 1 David Einhorn's Greenlight Capital Inc. posted returns of 4.3  percent in April  owing to his short bets against high-flying momentum stocks and its holdings of Apple Inc. and Micron Technology  according to sources familiar with the hedge fund on Thursday."
"Apple raises US$12bn in perfect style " "NEW YORK  May 2 (IFR) - Apple wielded the kind of marketing magic in the bond market that it is known for in the tech industry this week when it managed to convince US investors to buy US$12bn more of its bonds at premium prices  just a year after its US$17bn offering left hundreds of bondholders under water."
"Jury reaches verdict in Apple-Samsung patents trial " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  May 2 The jury has reached a verdict on Friday in a patent trial between Apple Inc  and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  which will be read in a San Jose  California federal courtroom shortly  according to a court official."
"Jury reaches verdict in Apple-Samsung patents trial " "SAN JOSE  California The jury has reached a verdict on Friday in a patent trial between Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  which will be read in a San Jose  California federal courtroom shortly  according to a court official."
"UPDATE 3-U.S. jury orders smartphone maker Samsung to pay Apple $120 mln " "(Adds comment from Apple and Samsung  details on patent litigation)"
"U.S. jury finds Samsung infringed two Apple patents " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  May 2 A U.S. jury on Friday found Samsung Electronics Co Ltd has infringed two Apple Inc patents  and did not infringe two patents."
"U.S. jury orders Apple to pay Samsung $158 400 in mobile patents trial " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  May 2 A U.S. jury on Friday ordered Apple Inc to pay $158 400 to Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  after it found the iPhone maker infringed on at least one of the Korean company's patents."
"U.S. jury orders Apple to pay Samsung $158 400 in mobile patents trial " "SAN JOSE  California A U.S. jury on Friday ordered Apple Inc to pay $158 400 to Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  after it found the iPhone maker infringed on at least one of the Korean company's patents."
"U.S. jury orders Samsung to pay Apple $120 million " "SAN JOSE  California A U.S. jury on Friday ordered Samsung Electronics Co Ltd to pay $119.6 million to Apple Inc  far less than Apple had sought and marking a big loss for the iPhone maker in the latest round of their globe-spanning mobile patent litigation. | Video "
"Apple on medical tech hiring spree  a possible hint of iWatch plans " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc is building a team of senior medical technology executives  raising hackles in the biotechnology community and offering a hint of what the iPhone maker may be planning for its widely expected iWatch and other wearable technology."
"Deals of the day- Mergers and acquisitions " "(Adds Alsea  UniCredit  Qatar Airways  Staples  Pfizer  Endurance Specialty  Ascometal  updates Alstom)"
"Hon Hai in talks to buy 22 percent of Asia Pacific Telecom: report " "TAIPEI Hon Hai Precision Industry Co Ltd  which makes iPhones for Apple Inc  is in talks to buy 22 percent of compatriot mobile network provider Asia Pacific Telecom Co Ltd  local media reported citing unidentified sources."
"INSIGHT-Apple on medical tech hiring spree  a possible hint of iWatch plans " "SAN FRANCISCO  May 5 Apple Inc is building a team of senior medical technology executives  raising hackles in the biotechnology community and offering a hint of what the iPhone maker may be planning for its widely expected iWatch and other wearable technology."
"Jury leaves damages Samsung must pay Apple unchanged at $119.6 million " "SAN JOSE  California A U.S. jury on Monday left the total damages Samsung Electronics Co Ltd must pay Apple Inc unchanged at $119.6 million  after additional deliberations in a trial where the South Korean smartphone maker was found to have infringed three Apple patents."
"Jury leaves total damages Samsung must pay Apple unchanged at $119.6 mln " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  May 5 A U.S. jury on Monday left the total damages Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  must pay Apple Inc unchanged at $119.6 million after additional deliberations in a trial where the South Korean smartphone maker was found to have infringed three Apple patents."
"REFILE-US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall St ends higher  Apple closes above $600 " "(Corrects to show Apple shares haven't closed above $600 since October 2012  not since October)"
"UPDATE 2-Jury leaves damages Samsung must pay Apple unchanged at $119.6 mln " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  May 5 A U.S. jury on Monday left the total damages Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  must pay Apple Inc unchanged at $119.6 million  after additional deliberations in a trial where the South Korean smartphone maker was found to have infringed three Apple patents."
"US STOCKS-Wall St ends up as ISM data upbeat; Apple above $600 " "* Services sector grows in April  fastest pace in 8 months"
"US STOCKS-Wall St ends up as ISM data upbeat; Apple above $600 " "* Services sector grows in April  fastest pace in 8 months"
"Apple's new retail chief granted $68 million in restricted stock " "Apple Inc granted its new retail chief 113 334 restricted stock units  the company said in a regulatory filing on Monday  valued at $68.1 million based on Monday's closing share price."
"REFILE-Apple's new retail chief granted $68 mln in restricted stock " "May 5 Apple Inc granted its new retail chief 113 334 restricted stock units  the company said in a regulatory filing on Monday  valued at $68.1 million based on Monday's closing share price."
"US STOCKS-Futures little changed on caution as indexes near record " "NEW YORK  May 6 U.S. stock index futures were little changed on Tuesday as investors hesitated to push the market higher  with major indexes near record levels."
"US STOCKS-Wall St set to open slightly lower  indexes near record " "* U.S. trade deficit narrows in March  exports bounce back"
"Huawei seeks to move up smartphone food chain with new Ascend P7 " "* Company hopes to rival Samsung's Galaxy S5  Apple's iPhone 5S"
"Huawei seeks to move up smartphone food chain with new Ascend P7 " "PARIS China's Huawei Technologies launched its second flagship smartphone  the Ascend P7  on Wednesday as part of its effort to crack the upper tier of the mobile market where Apple and Samsung still rule."
"UPDATE 1-Ting Hsin  Foxconn submit rival bids for Taiwan's Asia Pacific Telecom -source " "* Battle highlights appeal of Taiwan 4G mobile services   (Adds comments from source  industry context)"
"Apple close to buying headphone maker Beats Electronics: FT " "Apple Inc is close to buying headphone maker Beats Electronics for $3.2 billion  the Financial Times reported."
"Apple close to buying headphone maker Beats Electronics - FT " "May 8 Apple Inc is close to buying headphone maker Beats Electronics for $3.2 billion  the Financial Times reported."
"Apple's head of North America sales to depart " "Apple Inc's head of North America sales  Zane Rowe  will leave the company and will be replaced by Doug Beck  who oversees sales in Japan and Korea."
"Apple's head of North America sales to depart " "May 8 Apple Inc's head of North America sales  Zane Rowe  will leave the company and will be replaced by Doug Beck  who oversees sales in Japan and Korea."
"UPDATE 1-Apple close to buying headphone maker Beats Electronics -FT " "May 8 Apple Inc is close to buying headphone maker Beats Electronics for $3.2 billion  the Financial Times reported."
"UPDATE 1-Pegatron's move to mobiles lifts profit as computers continue slide " "* Communication devices contribute 38 percent to qtrly revenue"
"Apple close to buying Beats for $3.2 billion: source " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc is close to paying a record $3.2 billion for Beats Electronics  two people with knowledge of the matter said  an expensive foray into music streaming and headphone gear that would mark a departure for the usually cash-conservative iPhone maker. | Video "
"Apple to unveil iPhone 6 in August  earlier than expected: report " "TAIPEI Apple Inc will unveil the next incarnation of its popular iPhone series in August  one month earlier than industry watchers were generally expecting  Taiwanese media reported on Friday citing unidentified supply-chain sources."
"Apple to unveil iPhone 6 in August  earlier than expected -report " "TAIPEI  May 9 Apple Inc will unveil the next incarnation of its popular iPhone series in August  one month earlier than industry watchers were generally expecting  Taiwanese media reported on Friday citing unidentified supply-chain sources."
"CORRECTED-US STOCKS-Futures dip; Nasdaq set for worst weekly loss in four " "(Corrects to show earnings data through Thursday morning  not Wednesday)"
"Market Chatter- Corporate finance press digest " "May 9 The following corporate finance-related stories were reported by media:"
"REFILE-UPDATE 2-Apple close to buying Beats for $3.2 bln -source " "(In 16th paragraph  corrects Apple CEO's last name to Cook instead of Cooks)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St to dip at open; Nasdaq set for 4th straight fall " "* Futures off: Dow 22 pts  S&P 3 pts  Nasdaq 7.25 pts   (Adds Ralph Lauren  updates prices)"
"Former e-commerce executive pleads guilty in eBay insider case " "A former executive at an e-commerce company that was acquired in 2011 by online retailer eBay Inc pleaded guilty on Friday to insider trading in connection with the takeover."
"Apple tries to lift online sales by cutting refund times in half " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc has cut in half the time it takes to give refunds to online store customers who want to return their iPhones and other gadgets  a small but crucial step to try to get more people to buy direct from its website."
"Apple tries to lift online sales by cutting refund times in half " "SAN FRANCISCO  May 12 Apple Inc has cut in half the time it takes to give refunds to online store customers who want to return their iPhones and other gadgets  a small but crucial step to try to get more people to buy direct from its website."
"Plaintiff in tech hiring suit asks judge to reject settlement " "May 12 One of the plaintiffs in a lawsuit that accuses tech firms including Apple Inc and Google Inc  of conspiring to hold down salaries has asked the court to reject a $324 million settlement negotiated by his own lawyers."
"Plaintiff in tech hiring suit asks judge to reject settlement " "One of the plaintiffs in a lawsuit that accuses tech firms including Apple Inc and Google Inc of conspiring to hold down salaries has asked the court to reject a $324 million settlement negotiated by his own lawyers."
"Hon Hai Q1 profit likely boosted by iPhone's China surge " "* Apple's China revenue reached 20 pct in Q1 surge -analyst"
"UPDATE 1-Taiwan's Hon Hai profit tops forecasts on iPhone demand " "* IPhone orders likely to surge to 90 mln units-analyst   (Adds analyst comments  context)"
"UPDATE 2-U.S. court refuses to revive Samsung patent case against Apple " "(Adds Apple share price  background on long-running patent fight)"
"U.S. court refuses to revive Samsung patent case against Apple " "WASHINGTON  May 14 A U.S. appeals court on Wednesday affirmed a decision by the International Trade Commission that Apple Inc. was innocent of violating three patents owned by Samsung Electronics."
"REFILE-UPDATE 1-With its sights on Apple  China smartphone maker Xiaomi unveils first tablet " "BEIJING  May 15 Chinese budget smartphone maker Xiaomi unveiled on Thursday its first tablet  expanding its product lineup to directly challenge established rivals Samsung Electronics Co Ltd and Apple Inc."
"Apple  Google agree to settle smartphone patent litigation " "SAN FRANCISCO  May 16 Apple and Google's Motorola Mobility unit have agreed to dismiss high profile U.S. patent litigation against each other over smartphone technology  according to a court filing on Friday."
"Apple  Google settle smartphone patent litigation " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc and Google Inc's Motorola Mobility unit have agreed to settle all patent litigation between them over smartphone technology  ending one of the highest profile lawsuits in technology."
"UPDATE 1-Apple  Google settle smartphone patent litigation " "SAN FRANCISCO  May 16 Apple Inc and Google Inc's Motorola Mobility unit have agreed to settle all patent litigation between them over smartphone technology  ending one of the highest profile lawsuits in technology."
"Apple  Google settle smartphone patent litigation " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc and Google Inc's Motorola Mobility unit have agreed to settle all patent litigation between them over smartphones  ending one of the highest-profile lawsuits in technology."
"Beats music service sued by former executive amid possible sale to Apple " "Beats Electronics  which is close to being sold to Apple Inc for $3.2 billion  has been sued by the founder of a music service Beats bought two years ago claiming he has been cheated out of his share of the company."
"Beats music service sued by former executive amid possible sale to Apple " "May 16 Beats Electronics  which is close to being sold to Apple Inc for $3.2 billion  has been sued by the founder of a music service Beats bought two years ago claiming he has been cheated out of his share of the company."
"Italy investigates mobile app practices at Apple  Google  Amazon " "MILAN  May 17 U.S. tech giants Apple  Google and Amazon and French game developer Gameloft are under investigation in Italy for alleged unfair commercial practices  the country's antitrust and competition authority said."
"Italy investigates mobile app practices at Apple  Google  Amazon " "MILAN U.S. tech giants Apple  Google and Amazon and French game developer Gameloft are under investigation in Italy for alleged unfair commercial practices  the country's antitrust and competition authority said."
"UPDATE 2-Apple  Google settle smartphone patent litigation " "(Adds additional details about smartphone market  in paragraphs 6-8  11  13)"
"Apple strikes a new chord in the future of music " "SAN FRANCISCO/LOS ANGELES More than a decade ago  the late Steve Jobs pulled one of his trademark reality distorting maneuvers  browbeating music label executives into selling songs on Apple Inc's then-nascent iTunes digital store for a mere 99 cents apiece."
"CORRECTED-UPDATE 3-Microsoft's new Surface tablet takes aim at Apple's MacBook " "(Corrects 5th paragraph; starting price of MacBook Air is $899  not $629)"
"Boeing wants to be more like Apple  CEO McNerney says " "SEATTLE Boeing Co Chief Executive Jim McNerney said the company wanted to be more like Apple Inc in the way it innovates  rather than doing a ""moon shot"" development every 25 years."
"Boeing wants to be more like Apple: CEO " "SEATTLE Boeing Co  Chief Executive Officer Jim McNerney said the company wanted to be more like Apple Inc  in the way it innovates  rather than doing a ""moon shot"" development every 25 years."
"Boeing wants to be more like Apple -CEO " "SEATTLE  May 21 Boeing Co Chief Executive Officer Jim McNerney said the company wanted to be more like Apple Inc in the way it innovates  rather than doing a ""moon shot"" development every 25 years."
"UPDATE 2-Boeing wants to be more like Apple  CEO McNerney says " "SEATTLE  May 21 Boeing Co Chief Executive Jim McNerney said the company wanted to be more like Apple Inc in the way it innovates  rather than doing a ""moon shot"" development every 25 years."
"Apple  other tech firms formally agree to $325 mln hiring accord " "May 23 Four major Silicon Valley companies have formally agreed to pay $324.5 million to settle claims brought by employees accusing them of colluding not to poach each other's talent."
"UPDATE 1-Apple  Google  Intel  Adobe to pay $325 mln to settle hiring lawsuit " "(Adds comment from plaintiffs' lawyer  details about plaintiffs)"
"Apple supplier Hon Hai plans $310 mln GDR sale -paper " "TAIPEI  May 26 Hon Hai Precision  a major supplier of Apple Inc  is set to raise about T$93 billion ($310 million) via selling new shares to foreign investors for its expansion overseas and into Taiwan's developing 4G telecom market  a local paper reported on Monday."
"Foxconn to buy $390 million stake in Taiwan telecom operator in 4G push " "TAIPEI Apple Inc supplier Foxconn Technology Group will buy a stake in Taiwanese mobile telecoms operator Asia Pacific Telecom for T$11.6 billion ($390 million) in a deal that would expand its presence in Taiwan's fledgling 4G telecoms market."
"Nitto Denko to ease reliance on display business " "OSAKA  Japan  May 27 Japan's Nitto Denko Corp   an Apple Inc supplier that makes industrial films and tapes  expects its reliance on volatile business in display screens to ease as it courts customers in autos and other industries  its chief executive said."
"Taiwan stocks rise; Asia Pacific gains on stake sale to Hon Hai " "TAIPEI  May 27 Taiwan stocks rose 0.18 percent in early trade on Tuesday  led by local wireless operator Asia Pacific Telecom Co Ltd  which announced it would sell a stake and eventually merge with a unit of Apple Inc  supplier Hon Hai Precision Industry Co Ltd.     As of 0225 GMT  the main TAIEX index was up 16.35 points at 9 052.47  largely in line with other regional and global bourses and extending the previous session's 0.31 percent gain.     Asia Pacific Telecom rose 2.8 percen"
"UPDATE 1-Foxconn to buy $390 mln stake in Taiwan telecom operator in 4G push " "* Foxconn to purchase T$11.6 billion stake in Asia Pacific Telecom"
"Apple to buy Beats for about $3 bln " "May 28 Apple Inc said it would buy headphone maker Beats Electronics and streaming music provider Beats Music for about $3 billion."
"Apple to get Beats  music mogul Iovine for $3 billion " "Apple Inc  will buy Beats for about $3 billion and bring recording mogul Jimmy Iovine into its ranks  hoping to win points with the music industry and help it catch up in fast-growing music streaming."
"Australian Apple users report ""lost phone"" cyber attack " "SAN FRANCISCO/SYDNEY  May 28 Multiple users on Apple Inc's online support forum and Twitter have reported an unusual smartphone and tablet hack in which cyber attackers were said to have locked Australian users' smartphones and demanded payment in return for unlocking them."
"Australian Apple users report 'lost phone' cyber attack " "SAN FRANCISCO/SYDNEY Multiple users on Apple Inc's online support forum and Twitter have reported an unusual smartphone and tablet hack in which cyber attackers were said to have locked Australian users' smartphones and demanded payment in return for unlocking them."
"UPDATE 1-Japan's Renesas to sell display chip business to Synaptics -sources " "* Renesas SP Driver is chip supplier for Apple iPhone screens"
"UPDATE 2-Apple to get Beats  music mogul Iovine for $3 bln " "SAN FRANCISCO  May 28 Apple Inc will buy Beats for about $3 billion and bring recording mogul Jimmy Iovine into its ranks  hoping to win points with the music industry and help it catch up in fast-growing music streaming."
"Apple to get Beats  music mogul Iovine for $3 billion " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc  will buy Beats for about $3 billion and bring recording mogul Jimmy Iovine into its ranks  hoping to win points with the music industry and help it catch up in fast-growing music streaming. | Video "
"Cheap vs affordable  Apple edition: James Saft " "Apple’s $3 billion purchase of headphones and music business Beats shows exactly how foggy our thinking about the distinction between 'cheap' and 'affordable' has become."
"COLUMN-Cheap vs affordable  Apple edition: James Saft " "(James Saft is a Reuters columnist. The opinions expressed are his own)"
"U.S. court denies Apple's bid to delay e-books damages trial " "NEW YORK A U.S. appeals court on Thursday rejected Apple Inc's  bid to delay a July trial to determine damages after the company was found to have colluded to fix the prices of e-books."
"U.S. court denies Apple's bid to delay e-books damages trial " "NEW YORK  May 29 A U.S. appeals court on Thursday rejected Apple Inc's bid to delay a July trial to determine damages after the company was found to have colluded to fix the prices of e-books."
"US STOCKS-S&P 500 sets another record closing high on growth bets " "* Jobless claims fall more than expected; Q1 GDP revised lower"
"US STOCKS-S&P again hits new high on growth expectations " "* Jobless claims fall more than expected  Q1 GDP revised lower"
"US STOCKS-S&P hits record on growth bets despite GDP contraction " "* Jobless claims fall more than expected  1st qtr GDP revised lower"
"US STOCKS-S&P scales new peak as investors bet on growth " "* Hillshire jumps  Tyson's bid outshines Pilgrim's Pride's"
"APPLE INTRODUCES NEW PROGRAMMING LANGUAGE CALLED ""SWIFT"" " "APPLE INTRODUCES NEW PROGRAMMING LANGUAGE CALLED ""SWIFT"" "
"Apple says now sold well over 800 million mobile devices " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 2 Apple Inc Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook  opening the iPhone maker's annual developers' conference on Monday  said the iPhone maker has sold more than 800 million mobile devices."
"Apple unwraps 'Healthkit' alongside Mac  iPhone features " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc on Monday took the wraps off mobile applications that pool and analyze health and home data  kicking off an annual developers' conference lacking in big surprises  despite hopes the iPhone maker would offer a glimpse into its secretive pipeline of products."
"Dow  S&P end at records; Apple  Google drag on Nasdaq " "NEW YORK  The Dow and the S&P 500 finished at record highs again on Monday after a closely watched read on U.S. manufacturing was revised to show more strength than initially indicated."
"UPDATE 4-Apple unwraps ""Healthkit"" alongside Mac  iPhone features " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 2 Apple Inc on Monday took the wraps off mobile applications that pool and analyze health and home data  kicking off an annual developers' conference lacking in big surprises  despite hopes the iPhone maker would offer a glimpse into its secretive pipeline of products."
"US STOCKS-Dow  S&P 500 erase losses after ISM correction " "* Dow up 0.1 pct; S&P 500 up 0.02 pct; Nasdaq off 0.2 pct   (Updates to late afternoon)"
"US STOCKS-Dow  S&P end at records; Apple  Google drag on Nasdaq " "* Dow up 0.2 pct; S&P up 0.1 pct; Nasdaq off 0.1 pct   (Updates to close)"
"Apple allows 'approved' virtual currencies in Apps " "Apple Inc will let software developers include virtual-currency transactions in their applications  paving the way for new forms of money to appear on iPhones and iPads."
"Apple allows 'approved' virtual currencies in Apps " "June 3 Apple Inc will let software developers include virtual-currency transactions in their applications  paving the way for new forms of money to appear on iPhones and iPads."
"UPDATE 1-Twitter in talks to buy online music firm SoundCloud - FT " "June 5 Microblogging platform Twitter Inc  has been in talks with Berlin-based audio sharing website SoundCloud in its efforts to add a music service to its offering  the Financial Times reported citing people familiar with the matter."
"Apple to make 3-5 million smartwatches monthly  sales begin October: report " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc is preparing to sell its first wearable device this October  aiming to produce 3 million to 5 million smartwatches a month in its initial run  the Nikkei reported on Friday  citing an unidentified parts supplier and sources familiar with the matter."
"Apple to make 3-5 mln smartwatches monthly  sales begin Oct -report " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 6 Apple Inc is preparing to sell its first wearable device this October  aiming to produce 3 million to 5 million smartwatches a month in its initial run  the Nikkei reported on Friday  citing an unidentified parts supplier and sources familiar with the matter."
"Mexican iFone to seek damages after iPhone ruling " "MEXICO CITY  June 6 Mexican telecommunications company iFone said on Friday  after winning a trademark ruling  it aims to seek damages from three local cellphone providers for using the Apple brand iPhone to sell services."
"Apple to make 3-5 million smartwatches monthly  sales begin October: report " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc is preparing to sell its first wearable device this October  aiming to produce 3 million to 5 million smartwatches a month in its initial run  the Nikkei reported on Friday  citing an unidentified parts supplier and sources familiar with the matter."
"China's ZTE bets on high-end phones to lift 2015 shipments by a third " "HONG KONG/SHANGHAI China's ZTE Corp is banking on high-end smartphones to help raise global shipments by a third next year and establish a brand to rival Samsung Electronics Co Ltd and Apple Inc at home. | Video "
"UPDATE 2-China's ZTE bets on high-end phones to lift 2015 shipments by a third " "* Aims to ship 80 mln smartphones in 2015 vs 60 mln in 2014"
"US STOCKS-Futures flat with indexes at records " "NEW YORK  June 9 U.S. stock index futures were little changed on Monday  as investors sought fresh incentives to keep buying following a rally that has taken major indexes to repeated record highs."
"US STOCKS-Futures point to dip at the open despite deals " "* Futures down: Dow 10 pts  S&P 2.4 pts  Nasdaq 4 pts   (Adds Family Dollar news)"
"EU to launch formal investigation into Apple's Irish tax deal - TV " "DUBLIN  June 10 The European Commission will launch a formal investigation on Wednesday into Apple Inc's  tax arrangements in Ireland  Irish state broadcaster RTE reported  without naming its source."
"EU to launch probe into Apple's Irish tax deal: report " "DUBLIN The European Commission will launch a formal investigation on Wednesday into Apple Inc's  tax arrangements in Ireland  Irish state broadcaster RTE reported  without naming its source."
"RPT-UPDATE 2-EU to launch formal investigation into Apple's Irish tax deal - report " "DUBLIN  June 10 The European Commission will launch a formal investigation on Wednesday into Apple Inc's  tax arrangements in Ireland  Irish state broadcaster RTE reported  without naming its source."
"Russia arrests two hackers it says hijacked Apple devices " "MOSCOW  June 10 Russian police have arrested two alleged hackers they say extorted money from users of Apple  devices by blocking them and demanding payment to free them up again."
"Synaptics to buy iPhone display chipmaker for $475 million " "Touchscreen chipmaker Synaptics Inc  said it would buy the sole supplier of display chips for the iPhone for $475 million  potentially winning back Apple Inc  as a customer."
"UPDATE 1-Synaptics to buy iPhone display chipmaker for $475 mln " "* To buy Renesas SP Drivers Inc from Renesas Electronics  Sharp"
"UPDATE 3-EU to launch probe into Apple's Irish tax deal -report " "DUBLIN  June 10 The European Commission will launch a formal investigation on Wednesday into Apple Inc's  tax arrangements in Ireland  Irish state broadcaster RTE reported  without naming its source."
"Apple says has not received selective Irish tax treatment " "BRUSSELS Apple said on Wednesday that it has not received any selective tax treatment from the Irish authorities after European Union state aid regulators opened an investigation into the issue."
"Apple says has not received selective Irish tax treatment " "BRUSSELS  June 11 Apple said on Wednesday that it has not received any selective tax treatment from the Irish authorities after European Union state aid regulators opened an investigation into the issue."
"EU investigates tax rulings on Apple  Starbucks  Fiat " "BRUSSELS/LONDON The European Commission raised pressure on Ireland  the Netherlands and Luxembourg over their corporate tax practices  saying it was investigating deals the countries have cut with Apple  Starbucks and Fiat. | Video "
"EU investigates tax rulings on Apple  Starbucks  Fiat " "LONDON/BRUSSELS The European Commission raised pressure on Ireland  the Netherlands and Luxembourg over their corporate tax practices  saying it was investigating deals the countries have cut with Apple  Starbucks and Fiat."
"EU to launch probe into Apple's Irish tax deal: report " "DUBLIN The European Commission will launch a formal investigation on Wednesday into Apple Inc's  tax arrangements in Ireland  Irish state broadcaster RTE reported  without naming its source."
"Ireland says did not breach EU state aid rules in Apple tax dealings " "DUBLIN Ireland is confident that it has not breached state aid rules in its tax dealings with Apple and will defend its position vigorously  the department of finance said in a statement on Wednesday."
"Ireland says did not breach EU state aid rules in Apple tax dealings " "DUBLIN  June 11 Ireland is confident that it has not breached state aid rules in its tax dealings with Apple  and will defend its position vigorously  the department of finance said in a statement on Wednesday."
"MARKET PULSE-The Bancorp  Biofuel  Orexigen  Synaptics " "NOTE TO SUBSCRIBERS: Reuters is converting some short-form coverage of hot stocks  including Market Pulse  into the new Stocks Buzz product. From June 16  items that were previously published only as a compilation will be published as standalone items featuring the BUZZ tag. They will also be accessible via the STXBZ news code. A collated version will continue to appear on the WATCH/US named-item code under the headline ""BUZZ-U.S. stocks on the move""."
"Synaptics CEO hopes to take bite of Apple by buying iPhone supplier " "Touchscreen chipmaker Synaptics Inc Chief Executive Rick Bergman said he would be 'thrilled' to win back Apple Inc as a customer after agreeing to buy the sole supplier of display driver chips for the iPhone."
"UPDATE 4-EU investigates tax rulings on Apple  Starbucks  Fiat " "BRUSSELS/LONDON  June 11 The European Commission raised pressure on Ireland  the Netherlands and Luxembourg over their corporate tax practices  saying it was investigating deals the countries have cut with Apple  Starbucks  and Fiat."
"Google developing health data service: report " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc is developing a service that will combine information from health apps and personal fitness devices  in another competitive move against Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co  Forbes reported."
"Google developing health data service -report " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 13 Google Inc   is developing a service that will combine information from health apps and personal fitness devices  in another competitive move against Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co  Forbes reported."
"Priceline adds OpenTable to its menu for $2.6 billion " "Travel website owner Priceline Group Inc  will buy restaurant reservation website operator OpenTable Inc  for $2.6 billion  aiming to broaden its services outside the increasingly competitive online travel industry."
"Apple settles e-book antitrust case with U.S. states  others " "Apple Inc reached an out-of-court settlement with U.S. states and other complainants in an e-book price-fixing class action lawsuit  effectively avoiding a trial in which the iPad maker faced as much as $840 million in claims."
"Apple settles e-book antitrust case with US states  others " "June 17 Apple Inc reached an out-of-court settlement with U.S. states and other complainants in an e-book price-fixing class action lawsuit on Monday  effectively avoiding a trial in which the iPad maker faced more than $800 million in claims."
"COLUMN-The weird proviso in Apple's e-books settlement: Frankel " "(The opinions expressed here are those of the author  a columnist for Reuters.)"
"Green managers stuff funds with Apple after environmental reforms " "BOSTON Apple Inc  criticized in the past for greenhouse gas emissions  use of toxic materials and the hiring of underage workers  has improved its practices and earned better scores from groups such as Greenpeace. That's good news for environmentally-aware mutual funds that hold Apple for another big reason – it makes money."
"UPDATE 2-Apple settles e-book antitrust case with US states  others " "June 17 Apple Inc reached an out-of-court settlement with U.S. states and other complainants in an e-book price-fixing class action lawsuit  effectively avoiding a trial in which the iPad maker faced as much as $840 million in claims."
"Amazon aims to break from pack with 3D  shopping-ready 'Fire' phone " "SEATTLE Amazon.com Inc's  new cellphone seeks to offer shoppers instant gratification by recognizing thousands of products  television shows and songs and allowing users to immediately buy them - on the e-commerce giant's own site  of course."
"Dollar slips as Fed cuts U.S. growth forecast " "NEW YORK The dollar retreated against the euro and the yen on Wednesday as the Federal Reserve struck a dovish tone in its post-meeting statement  slashing its forecast for economic growth and suggesting long-term rates could be lower than previously indicated."
"UPDATE 3-Amazon aims to break from pack with 3D  shopping-ready ""Fire"" phone " "SEATTLE  June 18 Amazon.com Inc's new cellphone seeks to offer shoppers instant gratification by recognizing thousands of products  television shows and songs and allowing users to immediately buy them - on the e-commerce giant's own site  of course."
"Dollar slips after Fed more dovish than expected " "SYDNEY The U.S. dollar wallowed at its lowest in nearly two weeks against a basket of major currencies on Thursday  in the wake of the Federal Reserve's cue that U.S. interest rates will stay low for a while."
"Judge says concerned about Apple  Google hiring settlement " "SAN JOSE Calif. A U.S. judge on Thursday said she had concerns about approving a $324.5 million settlement involving Apple  Google and two other tech companies in a lawsuit accusing them of conspiring to avoid poaching each other's workers."
"Judge says concerned about Apple  Google hiring settlement " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  June 19 A U.S. judge on Thursday said she had concerns about approving a $324.5 million settlement involving Apple  Google and two other tech companies where they were accused of conspiring to avoid poaching each other's workers."
"REFILE-UPDATE 1-Taiwan's Quanta to start mass production of Apple's smartwatch in July -source " "TAIPEI  June 20 Taiwan's Quanta Computer Inc  will start mass production of Apple Inc's  first smartwatch in July  a source familiar with the matter said  as the U.S. tech giant tries to prove it can still innovate against rival Samsung Electronics Co Ltd."
"Taiwan's Quanta to start mass production of Apple's smartwatch in July -source " "TAIPEI  June 20 Taiwan's Quanta Computer Inc  will start mass production of Apple Inc's  first smartwatch in July  according to a source familiar with the matter  as the tech giant tries to prove it can still innovate against rival Samsung Electronics Co Ltd."
"Taiwan's Quanta to start mass production of Apple's smartwatch in July: source " "TAIPEI Taiwan's Quanta Computer Inc 2382.TW will start mass production of Apple Inc's AAPL.O first smartwatch in July  a source familiar with the matter said  as the U.S. tech giant tries to prove it can still innovate against rival Samsung Electronics Co Ltd. | Video "
"T-Mobile offers one-week network test drive  free music streaming to lure customers " "WASHINGTON  June 18 T-Mobile US Inc  said on Wednesday it's offering at least a million cellphone users the chance to use an Apple Inc iPhone in a free one-week trial of the No. 4 U.S. wireless carrier's network with unlimited access."
"T-Mobile offers one-week network test drive  free music streaming to lure customers " "WASHINGTON T-Mobile US Inc said on Wednesday it's offering at least a million cellphone users the chance to use an Apple Inc iPhone in a free one-week trial of the No. 4 U.S. wireless carrier's network with unlimited access."
"UPDATE 2-Judge says concerned about Apple  Google hiring settlement " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  June 19 A U.S. judge on Thursday said she had concerns about approving a $324.5 million settlement involving Apple  Google and two other tech companies in a lawsuit accusing them of conspiring to avoid poaching each other's workers."
"Apple's iWatch may sport multiple designs: WSJ " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc plans to launch smartwatches with multiple screen sizes and designs this fall  the Wall Street Journal on Friday cited a person familiar with the matter as saying."
"Apple's iWatch may sport multiple designs -WSJ " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 20 Apple Inc plans to launch smartwatches with multiple screen sizes and designs this fall  the Wall Street Journal on Friday cited a person familiar with the matter as saying."
"EU closes tax loophole for multinational firms " "LUXEMBOURG The European Union on Friday moved to close a loophole that has allowed multinational companies to reduce their tax bills by exploiting differences in national tax rules  ending months of negotiations and potentially boosting EU states' tax revenues."
"Exclusive: EU warns Ireland it could expand tax probe beyond Apple - source " "BRUSSELS The European Commission has told Ireland it may investigate more companies as part of a probe into the country's tax practices  after announcing a formal probe into Apple Inc's  Irish subsidiaries  a person familiar with the matter said on Friday."
"Apple  Google  Samsung vie to bring health apps to wearables " "SAN FRANCISCO For decades  medical technology firms have searched for ways to let diabetics check blood sugar easily  with scant success. Now  the world's largest mobile technology firms are getting in on the act. | Video "
"Hon Hai  Pegatron on China hiring spree for new iPhone - media " "TAIPEI  June 23 Hon Hai Precision Industry  will recruit over 100 000 people in mainland China to produce the newest iPhone from Apple Inc  Taiwan's Economic Daily News said  in what the report called the firm's largest single hiring spree in China."
"INSIGHT-Apple  Google  Samsung vie to bring health apps to wearables " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 23 For decades  medical technology firms have searched for ways to let diabetics check blood sugar easily  with scant success. Now  the world's largest mobile technology firms are getting in on the act."
"INSIGHT-RPT-Apple  Google  Samsung vie to bring health apps to wearables " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 23 For decades  medical technology firms have searched for ways to let diabetics check blood sugar easily  with scant success. Now  the world's largest mobile technology firms are getting in on the act."
"Apple suppliers to start making larger iPhones next month -Bloomberg " "Apple Inc's suppliers will begin producing larger versions of the iPhone in China next month  Bloomberg reported citing sources."
"Apple suppliers to start making larger iPhones next month -Bloomberg " "June 23 Apple Inc's suppliers will begin producing larger versions of the iPhone in China next month  Bloomberg reported citing sources."
"Japan Display's reliance on iPhone orders rises in 2013-14 " "TOKYO Japan Display Inc  the world's biggest smartphone LCD maker  got a third of its revenue from Apple Inc in the year to March  growing more reliant on the iPhone even as it seeks to bump up orders from fast-growing Chinese smartphone makers."
"Japan Display's reliance on iPhone orders rises in 2013/14 " "TOKYO  June 24 Japan Display Inc  the world's biggest smartphone LCD maker  got a third of its revenue from Apple Inc in the year to March  growing more reliant on the iPhone even as it seeks to bump up orders from fast-growing Chinese smartphone makers."
"Strong licensing boosts Imagination Tech " "LONDON  June 24 Britain's Imagination Tech   a supplier of graphics and video technology to Apple   beat expectations for full-year operating profit on Tuesday  reflecting stronger demand to license its processor blueprints."
"US STOCKS-Futures edge lower  consumer data awaited " "NEW YORK  June 24 U.S. stock index futures fell on Tuesday  suggesting investors continued to search for direction following a sharp rally that took indexes to records last week."
"EU mergers and takeovers (June 25) " "BRUSSELS  June 25 The following are mergers under review by the European Commission and a brief guide to the EU merger process:"
"EU regulators to decide on Apple  Beats deal by July 30 " "BRUSSELS European Union antitrust regulators will decide by July 30 whether to clear Apple Inc's $3 billion bid for music streaming and audio equipment company Beats  the European Commission said on Wednesday."
"EU regulators to decide on Apple  Beats deal by July 30 " "BRUSSELS  June 25 European Union antitrust regulators will decide by July 30 whether to clear Apple Inc's  $3 billion bid for music streaming and audio equipment company Beats  the European Commission said on Wednesday."
"Google to unveil new television set-top box on Wednesday: WSJ " "Google Inc is expected to unveil at least one small set-top box that resembles products like the Roku  Amazon's Fire TV  and Apple Inc's Apple TV  the Wall Street Journal reported citing sources who have seen the device."
"Google to unveil new television set-top box on Wednesday - WSJ " "June 25 Google Inc is expected to unveil at least one small set-top box that resembles products like the Roku  Amazon's Fire TV  and Apple Inc's  Apple TV  the Wall Street Journal reported citing sources who have seen the device."
"Japan Display's reliance on iPhone orders rises in 2013-14 " "TOKYO Japan Display Inc  the world's biggest smartphone LCD maker  got a third of its revenue from Apple Inc in the year to March  growing more reliant on the iPhone even as it seeks to bump up orders from fast-growing Chinese smartphone makers."
"UPDATE 2-Google sets sights on TVs  cars and watches  beyond mere smartphones " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 25 Google Inc's   Android software is coming to cars  televisions and watches this year  as the Internet search giant races against Apple Inc and other tech companies to extend its business into a rapidly broadening field of Internet-connected devices."
"AMS in talks to buy Dialog Semiconductor " "FRANKFURT Austrian semiconductor maker AMS  is in talks to buy Germany's Dialog Semiconductor   a supplier of chips for Apple's  iPhone and iPad  the two companies said on Thursday."
"Tech threat a warning for fund managers to step up " "* Changing structure of fund industry entices new entrants"
"Google buys music streaming service Songza " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 1 Google Inc   has acquired streaming music service Songza  the Internet search company's latest move to play a bigger role in the fast-growing online music business."
"Japan's Sharp eyes profits  not share sale  to boost finances " "OSAKA Japan Japan's Sharp Corp aims to bolster its depleted finances by boosting profits and is not considering a public share offering  which would be unrealistic so close on the heels of an offering last year  the display maker's president said."
"UPDATE 1-Japan's Sharp eyes profits  not share sale  to boost finances " "* Sharp says too soon after last year's share offer to consider another one"
"Amazon fights FTC over mobile in-app purchases -report " "July 2 Amazon.com Inc is fighting U.S. regulators' requests that it tighten policies on in-app purchases  The Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday  taking a hard line on a controversial issue that rivals like Apple Inc  have settled."
"'Disappointed' Amazon fights FTC over mobile in-app buys " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc is fighting U.S. regulators' demands that it pay a penalty over its policies on purchases made by children on smartphone applications  according to documents seen by Reuters."
"Intelligent cars draw investors to tech stocks " "* High-tech car market seen reaching $50 bln within 10 yrs"
"Taiwan stocks reach highest close since Nov 2007; TSMC jumps " "TAIPEI  July 2 Taiwan stocks rose 0.5 percent to their highest close in nearly seven years on Wednesday as investor sentiment got a lift after Wall Street tasted all-time highs.     The main TAIEX index finished at 9.484.96 points  its highest since November 2007  with tech shares 1 percent higher.     Among the biggest winners was TSMC  which is the world's top contract chip maker and produces chips for Apple Inc . It gained 3.5 percent.     The Taiwan dollar was up 0.244 percent to"
"UPDATE 1-'Disappointed' Amazon fights FTC over mobile in-app buys " "(Changes sourcing; adds details from documents  byline  city in dateline)"
"Apple poaches another luxury executive as iWatch nears " "PARIS  July 4 Apple has poached a senior executive from Swiss luxury watch brand Tag Heuer  which could be to help it with the launch of its iWatch expected this autumn."
"Samsung Electronics faces falling profits as succession looms " "SEOUL  July 7 Smartphone leader Samsung Electronics Co Ltd faces a third straight quarter of profit decline that could become a fourth as cheaper models grab a bigger share of a slowing market and Apple Inc  readies the launch of its iPhone 6."
"Samsung Electronics faces falling profits as succession looms " "SEOUL Smartphone leader Samsung Electronics Co Ltd faces a third straight quarter of profit decline that could become a fourth as cheaper models grab a bigger share of a slowing market and Apple Inc readies the launch of its iPhone 6."
"BUZZ- GT Advanced Technologies Inc: UBS downgrade " "** The sapphire glass maker's shares down 8 pct at $18.04 premarket on Monday"
"Taiwan stocks give investors a juicier bite of Apple Inc " "TAIPEI  July 7 Investors wanting a slice of the crazy demand expected for Apple Inc's next version of the iPhone are rushing for what they believe is more profitable than investing in the U.S. smartphone maker: Taiwanese Apple component suppliers."
"Advocates for blind  deaf want more from Apple " "SAN FRANCISCO Advocates for the blind are debating whether to use a carrot or a stick to persuade one of their oldest allies  Apple Inc  to close an emerging digital divide in mobile technology."
"Apple loses China patent case  separate suit against Apple continues " "BEIJING A Beijing court has ruled against Apple Inc by upholding the validity of a patent held by a Chinese company  clearing the way for the Chinese company to continue its own case against Apple for infringing intellectual property rights."
"Apple loses China patent case  separate suit against Apple continues " "BEIJING  July 9 A Beijing court has ruled against Apple Inc by upholding the validity of a patent held by a Chinese company  clearing the way for the Chinese company to continue its own case against Apple for infringing intellectual property rights."
"BUSINESS-NEWS-SCHEDULE AT 1230 GMT / 8.30 AM ET " "Editor: Malcolm Davidson                  +44 20 7542 6958"
"CORRECTED-FEATURE-Advocates for blind  deaf want more from Apple " "(Corrects para 9 to make clear the National Federation of the Blind reached an agreement with Apple in 2008  without filing a lawsuit)"
"Techs drag Taiwan stocks lower; banks jump " "TAIPEI  July 9 Taiwan stocks fell 0.4 percent on Wednesday as market sentiment was under pressure following losses on Wall Street  with recent winners such as Apple Inc  supplier Largan Precision leading the decline.     However  banking stocks jumped 0.5 percent. Shares in Fubon Financial  parent of Taiwan's No.2 insurer  rose 2 percent after the company reported its first-half profit topped the combined profit of the first three quarters of 2013. Smaller rival CTBC Financial added "
"Apple store layout may be registered as trade mark - EU court " "BRUSSELS  July 10 The layout of a shop  such as Apple's flagship stores may be registered as a trade mark under certain conditions  the European Court of Justice said on Thursday."
"Apple targets rising water use  production partners' emissions " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc acknowledged on Wednesday it needs to address manufacturing partners' carbon emissions and its own rising water consumption  though the iPhone maker said it had cut back sharply on greenhouse gas output."
"Apple targets rising water use  production partners' emissions " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 9 Apple Inc  acknowledged on Wednesday it needs to address manufacturing partners' carbon emissions and its own rising water consumption  though the iPhone maker said it had cut back sharply on greenhouse gas output."
"UPDATE 3-U.S. sues Amazon over purchases by kids using mobile apps " "(New throughout  adds details on apps and in-app purchases)"
"Apple iPhone a danger to China national security: state media " "BEIJING Chinese state media on Friday branded Apple Inc's  iPhone a threat to national security because of the smartphone's ability to track and time-stamp user locations."
"Apple iPhone a danger to China national security -state media " "BEIJING  July 11 Chinese state media on Friday branded Apple Inc's iPhone a threat to national security because of the smartphone's ability to track and time-stamp user locations."
"Obama  corporate giants announce plan to boost suppliers " "WASHINGTON  July 11 President Barack Obama is enlisting several major U.S. and multinational companies to draw attention to an initiative aimed at helping small businesses expand and hire workers."
"UPDATE 1-Apple iPhone a danger to China national security -state media " "BEIJING  July 11 Chinese state media branded Apple Inc's iPhone a threat to national security because of the smartphone's ability to track and time-stamp user locations."
"UPDATE 1-IBM to offer iPads and iPhones for business users " "WASHINGTON  July 15 International Business Machines Corp will partner exclusively with Apple Inc  to sell iPhones and iPads loaded with applications geared at enterprise clients this fall  the company announced on Tuesday."
"US STOCKS-S&P 500  Nasdaq dip on Yellen's comments; Apple up late " "* Yellen  Fed policymakers: Some U.S. stock valuations 'stretched'"
"Apple agrees to conditional $450 million e-books antitrust accord " "Apple Inc has agreed to pay $450 million to resolve U.S. state and consumer claims the iPad manufacturer conspired with five major publishers to fix e-book prices  according to court records filed Wednesday."
"CANADA STOCKS-China data lifts TSX to record closing high " "* TSX up 145.02 points  or 0.96 percent  at 15 226.34     * Nine of the 10 main index sectors advance     * BlackBerry dives after IBM-Apple partnership      By John Tilak     TORONTO  July 16 Canada's main stock index climbed to a record closing high on Wednesday with bullish economic data from China helping to drive up commodity prices and natural resource shares.     Providing further support  figures from the U.S. Labor Department showed producer prices rose more than expected in"
"Deals of the day- Mergers and acquisitions " "(Adds Allergan  Blackstone  3M  Elliott  Intralot Czech  ONGC  Weltbild  Love Culture  GE  Telefonica  UniCredit  Ferrero; updates Time Warner)"
"REFILE-US STOCKS-Wall Street edges up on merger activity  earnings " "NEW YORK  July 16 U.S. stocks edged up on Wednesday  buoyed by the latest merger news  but pulled back from earlier highs as investors sifted through the latest batch of corporate earnings."
"UPDATE 1-Apple-IBM deal dents BlackBerry's prospects  slams stock " "TORONTO  July 16 BlackBerry Ltd's  shares took a beating on Wednesday after IBM Corp  outlined plans to partner with Apple Inc to sell iPhones and iPads loaded with applications for business users."
"UPDATE 2-Apple agrees to conditional $450 mln e-books antitrust accord " "(Adds comment from Apple and lawyer for consumers  financial details)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St climbs on M&A  results; Dow ends at record high " "* Dow up 0.5 pct; S&P 500 up 0.4 pct; Nasdaq up 0.2 pct   (Updates to close)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St gains on earnings  M&A deals " "* Indexes up: Dow 0.4 pct  S&P 0.5 pct  Nasdaq 0.5 pct   (Updates to afternoon session)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St gains on M&A  results; Dow ends at record high " "* Dow up 0.5 pct; S&P 500 up 0.4 pct; Nasdaq up 0.2 pct   (Updates with eBay results)"
"Apple appoints BlackRock founding partner to board " "Apple Inc said Susan Wagner  founding partner of BlackRock Inc  had been appointed to its board."
"Apple appoints BlackRock founding partner to board " "July 17 Apple Inc said Susan Wagner  founding partner of BlackRock Inc  had been appointed to its board."
"Taiwan's TSMC likely to lose Apple  Qualcomm orders to Samsung -reports " "TAIPEI  July 17 Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co Ltd (TSMC) is likely to lose orders for its next-generation chips from Apple Inc and Qualcomm Inc to rival Samsung Electronics Co Ltd   according to an analyst and Taiwanese media."
"Taiwan's TSMC shares fall on Apple  Qualcomm order loss reports " "TAIPEI Shares of Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co Ltd (TSMC) fell as much as 6 percent on Thursday after an analyst and Taiwanese media reported the likely loss of orders for next-generation chips from Apple Inc and Qualcomm Inc."
"UPDATE 1-Taiwan's TSMC shares fall on Apple  Qualcomm order loss reports " "* TSMC to lose out in 14 nm chip making from 2H 2015 -analyst"
"UPDATE 5-Microsoft to cut 18 000 jobs this year as it chops Nokia " "SEATTLE  July 17 Microsoft Chief Executive Officer Satya Nadella kicked off one of the largest layoffs in tech history on Thursday  hoping to reshape the aging PC industry titan into a nimbler rival to Apple and Google  and jolt a culture at the company that is used to protecting its existing Windows and Office franchises."
"Apple should do more to tackle in-app purchases problem -EU " "BRUSSELS  July 18 Apple has provided no concrete and immediate solutions to tackle the problem of adults and children racking up credit card bills by making ""in-app"" purchases on tablets and mobile phones  the European Commission said on Friday."
"U.S. judge OKs warrant for Google user's emails  stoking debate " "NEW YORK  July 18 A federal judge in New York has granted prosecutors access to a Gmail user's emails as part of a criminal probe  in a decision that could fan the debate over how aggressively the government may pursue data if doing so may invade people's privacy."
"Fund managers unconvinced by Apple rebound as firm readies results " "NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO Apple  once a can't-miss stock  is finding it tough to persuade  portfolio managers to come back into the fold."
"Fund managers unconvinced by Apple rebound as firm readies results " "NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO  July 21 Apple  once a can't-miss stock  is finding it tough to persuade  portfolio managers to come back into the fold."
"UPDATE 1-Fund managers unconvinced by Apple rebound as firm readies results " "NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO  July 21 Apple  once a can't-miss stock  is finding it tough to persuade  portfolio managers to come back into the fold."
"UPDATE 1-Taiwan June export order growth fastest in 1-1/2 years on strong tech sales " "* June export orders up 10.6 pct y/y vs 6.98 pct in Reuters poll"
"Apple asks suppliers to produce up to 80 million large-screen iPhones: WSJ " "Apple Inc has asked suppliers to manufacture between 70 million and 80 million of its two forthcoming large-screen iPhones by the end of the year  its largest initial production run of iPhones  the Wall Street Journal reported  citing people familiar with the matter. | Video "
"Apple revenue lags Street forecasts " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 22 Apple Inc posted a worse-than-expected 6 percent rise in quarterly revenue on Tuesday  after selling 35.2 million iPhones into an increasingly competitive smartphone market."
"Apple revenue lags Street's view despite strong China growth " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc posted a smaller-than-expected 6 percent rise in quarterly revenue on Tuesday  but revenue surged 28 percent in greater China despite stiff competition in its third-largest market. | Video "
"CORRECTED-Apple asks suppliers to produce up to 80 million large-screen iPhones -WSJ " "(Corrects to remove paragraph 3 reference to the report not naming the suppliers)"
"Fund managers unconvinced by Apple rebound " "NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO Apple  once a can't-miss stock  is finding it tough to persuade portfolio managers to come back into the fold. | Video "
"RPT-UPDATE 1-Fund managers unconvinced by Apple rebound as firm readies results " "(Repeats  without changes  to widen readership)  (Adds fund manager comment)"
"UPDATE 1-Apple asks suppliers to produce up to 80 mln large-screen iPhones -WSJ " "July 21 Apple Inc has asked suppliers to manufacture between 70 million and 80 million of its two forthcoming large-screen iPhones by the end of the year  its largest initial production run of iPhones  the Wall Street Journal reported  citing people familiar with the matter."
"UPDATE 2-China's Xiaomi hopes Mi 4 smartphone can take on Apple " "* CEO compares new phone to Apple's iPhone   (Adds analyst comment)"
"UPDATE 3-Apple revenue lags Street's view despite strong China growth " "(Adds executives' comments  net income  background; updates share price)"
"Apple margin concerns fade  focus shifts to iPhone launch " "A rise in margins has raised hopes that Apple Inc may be able to hold the line on pricing ahead of the launch of new iPhones later this year."
"Apple margin concerns fade  focus shifts to iPhone launch " "July 23 A rise in margins has raised hopes that Apple Inc may be able to hold the line on pricing ahead of the launch of new iPhones later this year."
"Cirrus Logic profit beats estimates " "July 23 Chipmaker Cirrus Logic Inc  reported a quarterly profit above analysts' estimates  helped by demand for its audio chips from iPhone and iPad maker Apple Inc ."
"UPDATE 1-Apple margin concerns fade  focus shifts to iPhone launch " "July 23 A rise in margins has raised hopes that Apple Inc may be able to hold the line on pricing ahead of the launch of new iPhones later this year."
"UPDATE 1-Cirrus Logic forecasts quarterly revenue below estimates " "July 23 Cirrus Logic Inc  a supplier of audio chips for the iPhone  forecast current-quarter revenue slightly below the midpoint of analysts' estimates."
"US STOCKS-Apple pushes S&P 500 to record close; Boeing hits Dow " "* Dow down 0.2 pct; S&P 500 up 0.2 pct; Nasdaq up 0.4 pct   (Updates to close)"
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Apple's results lift S&P 500 to record close " "NEW YORK  July 23 U.S. stocks ended mostly higher on Wednesday  with the S&P 500 closing at a record on bullish results from Apple  though Boeing  dragged on the Dow and conflicts in Ukraine and the Gaza Strip kept the broader market's gains in check."
"US STOCKS-Wall St mostly gains on earnings; biotechs rally " "* Dow down 0.1 pct  S&P up 0.2 pct  Nasdaq up 0.4 pct   (Updates to afternoon trading)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St ticks up on earnings; technicals  conflicts eyed " "* Indexes: Dow flat  S&P up 0.3 pct  Nasdaq up 0.5 pct   (Updates prices  adds details  comment)"
"Amazon's smartphone fails to kindle a 'Fire' among reviewers " "Amazon.com Inc's new ""Fire"" smartphone features ""gimmicks"" - such as 3D effects and object scanner - that may not be enough to entice users away from similarly priced Apple Inc iPhones and Samsung's Galaxy S5  reviewers said."
"Amazon's smartphone fails to kindle a ""Fire"" among reviewers " "July 24 Amazon.com Inc's new ""Fire"" smartphone features ""gimmicks"" - such as 3D effects and object scanner - that may not be enough to entice users away from similarly priced Apple Inc iPhones and Samsung's  Galaxy S5  reviewers said."
"GLOBAL MARKETS--Euro gets lift from business activity data  China PMI helps emerging stocks " "* US tech stocks buoyed by Apple; Facebook at record high"
"In China  Apple's focus pays off while Samsung feels squeeze " "BEIJING  July 24 The mobile industry has long held that Samsung's broad range of mobile devices makes it nimble in changing markets  while Apple loses out by rigidly sticking to its high-end gadgets."
"In China  Apple's focus pays off while Samsung feels squeeze " "BEIJING The mobile industry has long held that Samsung's broad range of mobile devices makes it nimble in changing markets  while Apple loses out by rigidly sticking to its high-end gadgets."
"Swatch Group denies working with Apple on smartwatch " "ZURICH  July 24 Swiss watchmaker Swatch Group  has denied a media report saying it was working with technology company Apple on a smartwatch  a wearable device with interactive functions."
"Swatch Group denies working with Apple on smartwatch " "ZURICH Swiss watchmaker Swatch Group has denied a media report saying it was working with technology company Apple on a smartwatch  a wearable device with interactive functions."
"UPDATE 1-Swatch Group denies working with Apple on smartwatch " "ZURICH  July 24 Swiss watchmaker Swatch Group  has denied a media report saying it was working with technology company Apple on a smartwatch  a wearable device with interactive functions."
"U.S. judge says she is troubled by Apple $450 million e-books deal " "NEW YORK A U.S. judge on Thursday expressed concern over a proposed $450 million settlement of claims Apple Inc conspired with five publishers to fix e-book prices  saying its provisions could drastically reduce money paid to consumers depending on appeals."
"U.S. judge says she is troubled by Apple $450 million e-books deal " "NEW YORK  July 24 A U.S. judge on Thursday expressed concern over a proposed $450 million settlement of claims Apple Inc conspired with five publishers to fix e-book prices  saying its provisions could drastically reduce money paid to consumers depending on appeals."
"Dell  BlackBerry downplay threat from Apple-IBM alliance " "TORONTO  July 25 IBM Corp's recent move to partner with Apple Inc to sell iPhones and iPads loaded with corporate applications has excited investors in both companies  but two rivals say they are unperturbed for now."
"Hedge fund Greenlight details short bets  still likes Apple " "BOSTON Hedge fund manager David Einhorn  whose picks are closely watched on Wall Street  said he is betting against supermarket chain Safeway Inc but still likes his biggest holdings  including Apple Inc."
"Hedge fund Greenlight details short bets  still likes Apple " "BOSTON  July 25 Hedge fund manager David Einhorn's Greenlight Capital told investors on Friday that it has short bets against  supermarket chain Safeway Inc.  and Questcor Pharmaceuticals which was is being taken over by Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals."
"UPDATE 1-Hedge fund Greenlight details short bets  still likes Apple " "BOSTON  July 25 Hedge fund manager David Einhorn  whose picks are closely watched on Wall Street  said he is betting against supermarket chain Safeway Inc but still likes his biggest holdings  including Apple Inc."
"U.S. judge says she is troubled by Apple $450 million e-books deal " "NEW YORK A U.S. judge on Thursday expressed concern over a proposed $450 million settlement of claims Apple Inc  conspired with five publishers to fix e-book prices  saying its provisions could drastically reduce money paid to consumers depending on appeals."
"Apple iPhones allow extraction of deep personal data  researcher finds " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 25 Personal data including text messages  contact lists and photos can be extracted from iPhones through previously unpublicized techniques by Apple Inc  employees  the company acknowledged this week."
"EU mergers and takeovers (July 28) " "BRUSSELS  July 28 The following are mergers under review by the European Commission and a brief guide to the EU merger process:"
"ANALYSIS-A mixed quarter for bets on U.S. stock volatility " "NEW YORK  July 29 With some of Wall Street's more volatile names set to report in the next couple of days  traders who bet on big swings in shares are hoping to see moves more like Facebook than Netflix."
"Apple updates MacBook Pro laptops  cuts price of older model " "Apple Inc  said it updated its MacBook Pro line of laptops with a high-resolution Retina display  faster processors and higher memory for a starting price of $1 299."
"Apple updates MacBook Pro laptops  cuts price of older model " "July 29 Apple Inc said it updated its MacBook Pro line of laptops with a high-resolution Retina display  faster processors and higher memory for a starting price of $1 299."
"Huawei says ships 34 mln smartphones in H1 globally  up 62 pct y/y " "* Huawei on track to reach full-year shipments target - exec"
"RPT - UPDATE 1-Huawei says ships 34 mln smartphones in H1 globally  up 62 pct y/y " "* Huawei on track to reach full-year shipments target - exec"
"Russia wants Apple  SAP to cooperate against foreign spying " "MOSCOW  July 30 Russia has proposed that Apple Inc and SAP hand the government access to their source code to make sure their widely used products are not tools for spying on state institutions."
"Russia wants Apple  SAP to cooperate against foreign spying " "MOSCOW Russia has proposed that Apple Inc  and SAP  hand the government access to their source code to make sure their widely used products are not tools for spying on state institutions."
"Apple to lay off about 200 people at Beats - Bloomberg " "July 30 Apple Inc intends to lay off about 200 people at Beats Electronics LLC following its $3 billion acquisition of the headphone and music streaming services company  Bloomberg cited a person with knowledge of the restructuring as saying."
"Xiaomi's star rises as Chinese handset makers gnaw at Samsung's share: report " "BEIJING  July 31 Xiaomi Inc  the three-year old company known as the Apple of China  has become the world's No.5 smartphone maker by market share while Samsung Electronics Co Ltd's lead has continued to shrink  a report by Strategy Analytics shows."
"Xiaomi's star rises as Chinese handset makers gnaw at Samsung's share: report " "BEIJING Xiaomi Inc  the three-year old company known as the Apple of China  has become the world's No.5 smartphone maker by market share while Samsung Electronics Co Ltd's lead has continued to shrink  a report by Strategy Analytics shows."
"Apple $450 million e-book settlement wins court approval " "NEW YORK Apple Inc  on Friday won preliminary court approval for its $450 million settlement of claims it harmed consumers by conspiring with five publishers to raise e-book prices."
"Apple $450 million e-book settlement wins court approval " "NEW YORK  Aug 1 Apple Inc on Friday won preliminary court approval for its $450 million settlement of claims it harmed consumers by conspiring with five publishers to raise e-book prices."
"New 'iBillionaire' ETF looks to bring Buffett and Icahn to the masses " "NEW YORK  Aug 1 Mom and pop investors hoping to emulate the investment savvy of Wall Street's wealthiest like Warren Buffett and Carl Icahn will have a new way into markets on Friday when the latest low-cost exchange-traded fund tracking the stock picks of big name investors begins trading."
"Apple to hold iPhone-related media event on Sept. 9: Re/code " "Aug 5 Apple Inc has scheduled a ""big"" media event related to the iPhone for Sept. 9  technology news website Re/code said  without citing sources. (http://on.recode.net/1qRPvKH)"
"Apple to hold iPhone-related media event on September 9: Re/code " "Apple Inc  has scheduled a ""big"" media event related to the iPhone for September 9  technology news website Re/code said  without citing sources. (http://on.recode.net/1qRPvKH)"
"Greenlight's Einhorn says still cautious  macro bets weigh " "NEW YORK  Aug 5 David Einhorn  head of hedge fund firm Greenlight Capital  said Tuesday that he remained cautious on the stock market and that second-quarter investments suffered slightly from short bets against French bonds and the Japanese yen."
"Philips  Accenture test brain-controlled system for ALS patients " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 5 The Netherlands' Royal Philips and IT consultancy Accenture are developing software to help people with neurodegenerative diseases like amyotrophic lateral sclerosis  commonly known as Lou Gehrig's disease  live more independently."
"UPDATE 1-Philips  Accenture test brain-controlled system for ALS patients " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 5 The Netherlands' Royal Philips and IT consultancy Accenture are developing software to help people with neurodegenerative diseases like amyotrophic lateral sclerosis  commonly known as Lou Gehrig's disease  live more independently."
"China bans Apple products from government purchases - Bloomberg " "BEIJING  Aug 6 China has prohibited government agencies from purchasing Apple Inc hardware products due to security concerns  Bloomberg News reported on Wednesday  citing government officials familiar with the matter."
"China bans Apple products from government purchases: Bloomberg " "BEIJING China has prohibited government agencies from purchasing Apple Inc hardware products due to security concerns  Bloomberg News reported on Wednesday  citing government officials familiar with the matter."
"Samsung Elec  Apple agree to drop patent lawsuits outside U.S. - Samsung says " "SEOUL  Aug 6 Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  and Apple Inc agreed to withdraw patent lawsuits outside the United States  a Samsung spokesman said on Wednesday."
"Samsung Electronics  Apple call end to patents war outside U.S. " "SEOUL/SAN FRANCISCO Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  and Apple Inc  said they had agreed to drop all patent litigation outside the United States  scaling down a protracted legal battle between the smartphone rivals."
"UPDATE 3-Samsung Elec  Apple call end to patents war outside U.S. " "* Samsung Elec says patent disputes dropped in 9 countries"
"Japan Display posts wider-than-expected Q1 operating loss " "TOKYO  Aug 7 Japan Display Inc  the world's biggest maker of LCD panels for smartphones and tablets  posted a deeper quarterly operating loss than expected on Thursday  citing weaker orders from U.S. and European firms than the previous year."
"UPDATE 1-Taiwan July exports pick up on tech demand  but lag forecast " "TAIPEI  Aug 7 Taiwan's export growth accelerated in July  as the island's tech supply chain ramped up for expected fall releases of products such as the new iPhone from Apple Inc."
"Judge rejects $324.5 mln settlement over Apple  Google hiring " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 8 A U.S. judge on Friday rejected a $324.5 million settlement between tech workers and companies including Apple and Google in a lawsuit accusing the companies of conspiring to avoid poaching each other's workers."
"LG Elec seeks fresh smartphone start in China with G3 launch " "SEOUL  Aug 8 LG Electronics Inc will on Monday begin selling its latest flagship smartphone in China  a market where it has struggled to make a dent and that has become increasingly tough for makers of high-end handsets other than Apple Inc."
"UPDATE 3-Judge rejects $324.5 mln settlement over Apple  Google hiring " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 8 Four Silicon Valley companies including Apple and Google failed to persuade a U.S. judge to sign off on a $324.5 million settlement to resolve a lawsuit by tech workers  who accused the firms of conspiring to avoid poaching each other's employees."
"UPDATE 1-Apple assembler Pegatron sees Q3 revenue boost from new smartphones " "* iPhone demand to boost company in near-term -analysts   (Adds executive  analyst comments  background)"
"Apple's Cook stresses need to make workforce more diverse " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc on Tuesday released a report on employee diversity  and its numbers are similar to those of other Silicon Valley companies  prompting Chief Executive Tim Cook to say there is still work to be done."
"Apple's Cook stresses need to make workforce more diverse " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 12 Apple Inc on Tuesday released a report on employee diversity  and its numbers are similar to those of other Silicon Valley companies  prompting Chief Executive Tim Cook to say there is still work to be done."
"Apple suppliers begin production of new iPad tablets: Bloomberg " "Apple Inc's suppliers have begun manufacturing new iPad tablets in an attempt to revive flagging sales of the tablet  Bloomberg reported  citing people with knowledge of the matter."
"Apple suppliers begin production of new iPad tablets -Bloomberg " "Aug 11 Apple Inc's suppliers have begun manufacturing new iPad tablets in an attempt to revive flagging sales of the tablet  Bloomberg reported  citing people with knowledge of the matter."
"Exclusive: Apple prepares Healthkit rollout amid tangled regulatory web " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc has been discussing how its ""HealthKit"" service will work with health providers at Mount Sinai  the Cleveland Clinic and Johns Hopkins as well as with Allscripts  a competitor to electronic health records provider Epic Systems  people familiar with the discussions said. | Video "
"Fitch: Samsung and Apple to Lose Global Smartphone Market Share " "(The following statement was released by the rating agency) SINGAPORE/SYDNEY  August 12 (Fitch) Samsung's and Apple's global smartphone  shipment market share will decline to around 25% and 14%  respectively  by 2015  (2013: 31% and 15%)  says Fitch Ratings. The decline will be due largely to  rising competition in emerging markets  where lower-priced handset models from  local competitors should continue to gain market share at the expense of the big  two. In these markets  where cost is relati"
"UPDATE 1-Apple suppliers begin production of new iPad tablets -Bloomberg " "Aug 11 Apple Inc's suppliers have begun manufacturing new iPad tablets in an attempt to revive flagging sales of the tablet  Bloomberg reported  citing people with knowledge of the matter."
"Taiwan's Hon Hai Q2 net profit rises 18.9 pct  beats estimates " "TAIPEI  Aug 13 Hon Hai Precision Industry Co Ltd  on Wednesday beat analyst estimates with a 18.9 percent profit rise for the second quarter  when the world's No.1 contract electronics manufacturer announced big acquisitions to reduce dependence on client Apple Inc."
"UPDATE 1-Taiwan's Hon Hai notches third straight quarterly profit rise " "* Apple benefit continues in tandem with diversification drive"
"Apple addresses labor violations at Quanta Chinese factories after 2013 audit " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 15 Apple Inc has worked with supplier Quanta over the past year to improve working conditions after a 2013 audit  published on Friday  uncovered a profusion of violations  including excessive overtime and health hazards."
"Apple begins storing users' personal data on servers in China " "BEIJING Apple Inc  has begun keeping the personal data of some Chinese users on servers in mainland China  marking the first time the tech giant is storing user data on Chinese soil."
"Apple moves data storage onto Chinese soil through China Telecom deal " "BEIJING  Aug 15 Apple Inc has begun storing personal data for some Chinese users on servers provided by China Telecom  marking the first time that the company has stored user data on mainland Chinese soil."
"UPDATE 1-Taiwan predicts stronger 2014 growth  sees iPhone 6 release a plus " "* Q2 GDP revised to +3.74 pct vs initial estimate +3.84 pct"
"UPDATE 2-Apple begins storing users' personal data on servers in China " "BEIJING  Aug 15 Apple Inc has begun keeping the personal data of some Chinese users on servers in mainland China  marking the first time the tech giant is storing user data on Chinese soil."
"Taiwan growth outlook brightens as factories gear up for smartphone demand " "TAIPEI  Aug 20 The launch of new tech products such as Apple's iPhone 6 will help Taiwan remain one of Asia's stronger exporters  bolstering its economic prospects this year amid a patchy global recovery."
"Taiwan growth outlook brightens as factories gear up for smartphone demand " "TAIPEI The launch of new tech products such as Apple's iPhone 6 will help Taiwan remain one of Asia's stronger exporters  bolstering its economic prospects this year amid a patchy global recovery."
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall St ends higher; Apple closes at record " "NEW YORK  Aug 19 U.S. stocks ended higher for the second straight session on Tuesday as upbeat housing market data and strong earnings from Dow component Home Depot  overshadowed lingering concerns about the conflict in Ukraine."
"US STOCKS-Wall St extends rally  lifted by Apple and Home Depot " "* July U.S. housing starts exceed expectations; CPI barely rises"
"US STOCKS-Wall St rises on Home Depot and Apple; data helps " "* July U.S. housing starts exceed expectations; CPI barely rises"
"US STOCKS-Wall St rises on Home Depot  Apple; retail shares lift " "* July U.S. housing starts exceed expectations; CPI barely rises"
"Exclusive: Apple iPhone 6 screen snag leaves supply chain scrambling " "TOKYO Suppliers to Apple Inc are scrambling to get enough screens ready for the new iPhone 6 smartphone as the need to redesign a key component disrupted panel production ahead of next month's expected launch  supply chain sources said."
"Exclusive: Apple iPhone 6 screen snag leaves supply chain scrambling " "TOKYO Suppliers to Apple Inc  are scrambling to get enough screens ready for the new iPhone 6 smartphone as the need to redesign a key component disrupted panel production ahead of next month's expected launch  supply chain sources said. | Video "
"China targets own operating system to take on likes of Microsoft  Google " "SHANGHAI  Aug 24 China could have a new homegrown operating system by October to take on imported rivals such as Microsoft Corp  Google Inc and Apple Inc  Xinhua news agency said on Sunday."
"CORRECTED-UPDATE 1-Taiwan's Wei family to buy cable TV operator CNS for $2.4 bln -sources " "(Corrects M&A ranking and comparable transaction in paragraph 6)"
"UPDATE 2-Taiwan's Wei family to buy cable TV operator CNS for $2.4 bln -sources " "* Deal for 60 pct stake is for $2.4 bln including debt -sources"
"Apple planning 12.9-inch iPad for 2015: Bloomberg " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc  is preparing to roll out a larger  12.9-inch version of its iPad for 2015  with production set to begin in the first quarter of next year  Bloomberg cited people with knowledge of the matter as saying on Tuesday."
"Apple planning 12.9-inch iPad for 2015 -Bloomberg " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 26 Apple Inc is preparing to roll out a larger  12.9-inch version of its iPad for 2015  with production set to begin in the first quarter of next year  Bloomberg cited people with knowledge of the matter as saying on Tuesday."
"Los Angeles schools official suspends iPad rollout -L.A. Times " "Aug 26 The Los Angeles schools superintendent has suspended a contract with Apple Inc to provide an iPad to each of its students as the $1 billion initiative faces problems and growing scrutiny  the Los Angeles Times newspaper reported."
"Los Angeles schools official suspends iPad rollout: L.A. Times " "The Los Angeles schools superintendent has suspended a contract with Apple Inc to provide an iPad to each of its students as the $1 billion initiative faces problems and growing scrutiny  the Los Angeles Times newspaper reported."
"Once 'Best in the West'  Israel's economy shows cracks " "* Bank of Israel has cut interest rates twice; at record low"
"Apple planning 12.9-inch iPad for 2015: Bloomberg " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc  is preparing to roll out a larger  12.9-inch version of its iPad for 2015  with production set to begin in the first quarter of next year  Bloomberg cited people with knowledge of the matter as saying on Tuesday."
"Exclusive: OtterBox maker explores $2.5 billion-plus sale: sources " "Otter Products LLC  the privately held company that makes the OtterBox protective cases for mobile phones  is exploring a sale that could value the company at more than $2.5 billion  including debt  according to people familiar with the matter."
"UPDATE 2-U.S. judge rejects Apple bid for injunction against Samsung " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 27 A U.S. judge rejected Apple Inc's latest bid for a permanent injunction against Samsung Electronics Co Ltd in another sign of the diminishing impact of the smartphone patent wars."
"U.S. judge rejects Apple bid for injunction against Samsung " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 27 A U.S. judge on Wednesday rejected a bid from Apple Inc for a permanent injunction against Samsung Electronics Co Ltd over three Apple patents that went to trial earlier this year."
"U.S. judge rejects Apple bid for injunction against Samsung " "SAN FRANCISCO A U.S. judge rejected Apple Inc's latest bid for a permanent injunction against Samsung Electronics Co Ltd in another sign of the diminishing impact of the smartphone patent wars."
"Apple invites media to Sept. 9 event; new iPhones anticipated " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 28 Apple Inc invited media to a ""special event"" in its hometown of Cupertino  California  on Sept. 9  when the iPhone maker is expected to unveil the latest versions of its best-selling smartphones."
"New iPhones expected at Sept. 9 Apple event " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc invited media to a ""special event"" in its hometown of Cupertino  California  on Sept. 9  when the iPhone maker is expected to unveil the latest versions of its best-selling smartphones."
"UPDATE 1-Apple invites media to Sept. 9 event; new iPhones anticipated " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 28 Apple Inc invited media to a ""special event"" in its hometown of Cupertino  California  on Sept. 9  when the iPhone maker is expected to unveil the latest versions of its best-selling smartphones."
"Apple working with NXP for pay-by-touch technology in new iPhone: FT " "Apple Inc is working with Dutch chipmaker NXP Semiconductors NV to add secure near-field communications (NFC) technology into the next iPhone  which would enable smartphone users to pay by touch  the Financial Times reported  citing people familiar with Apple's plans."
"Apple working with NXP for pay-by-touch technology in new iPhone-FT " "Aug 29 Apple Inc is working with Dutch chipmaker NXP Semiconductors NV to add secure near-field communications (NFC) technology into the next iPhone  which would enable the smartphone users to pay by touch  the Financial Times reported  citing people familiar with Apple's plans."
"UPDATE 2-Apple working with NXP for pay-by-touch technology in new iPhone-FT " "Aug 29 Apple Inc is working with Dutch chipmaker NXP Semiconductors NV to add secure near-field communications (NFC) technology into the next iPhone  which would enable smartphone users to pay by touch  the Financial Times reported  citing people familiar with Apple's plans."
"New Apple iPhone to have 'mobile wallet' function: Bloomberg " "Apple Inc plans to enable its next iPhone to become a mobile wallet by allowing owners to securely make mobile payments in a store with the touch of a finger  Bloomberg said on Sunday  citing a person familiar with the situation."
"New Apple iPhone to have ""mobile wallet"" function -Bloomberg " "Aug 31 Apple Inc plans to enable its next iPhone to become a mobile wallet by allowing owners to securely make mobile payments in a store with the touch of a finger  Bloomberg said on Sunday  citing a person familiar with the situation."
"Apple  Google resume talks with tech workers in hiring lawsuit: filing " "SAN FRANCISCO Four technology companies  including Apple  and Google   have resumed mediation talks with tech workers in a high-profile lawsuit over hiring practices in Silicon Valley  according to a court filing."
"Apple  Google resume talks with tech workers in hiring lawsuit -filing " "SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 3 Four tech companies including Apple and Google have resumed mediation talks with tech workers who are suing over hiring practices in Silicon Valley  according to a court filing on Wednesday."
"Apple says its systems not to blame for celebrity photo breach " "SAN FRANCISCO (This story corrects reputation.com CEO's last name to Fertik  instead of Fertike  on second reference  15th paragraph)"
"BUZZ-U.S. Stocks on the Move-Apple  Mobileye  Local Corp  Marrone " "(For faster updates on individual market-movers  Eikon users please use search string ""STXBZ US""; for more market insights  including options activity  ; for the Day Ahead newsletter  http://link.reuters.com/mex49s; for the Morning Call newsletter  http://link.reuters.com/nex49s)"
"RPT-Celebrity hacking clouds Apple's upcoming product launch " "SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 3 Apple Inc has often displayed uncanny timing  with its well-orchestrated end-of-year iPhone releases. But the leak of racy celebrity photos in the past few days put the company in the unusual position of having to mend its image just days before a highly anticipated Sept. 9 product launch."
"RPT-US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-S&P 500  Nasdaq end down with Apple " "NEW YORK  Sept 3 The Nasdaq and S&P 500 ended lower on Wednesday  dragged down by a drop in shares of Apple   while the Dow finished with a slight gain."
"RPT-US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-S&P 500  Nasdaq end down with Apple " " "
"Samsung unveils Galaxy Note 4 with extras but no breakaway features " "* Note 4 adds novel accessories  fixes prior design missteps"
"UPDATE 1-Apple  Google resume talks with tech workers in hiring lawsuit -filing " "SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 3 Four technology companies  including Apple and Google  have resumed mediation talks with tech workers in a high-profile lawsuit over hiring practices in Silicon Valley  according to a court filing."
"UPDATE 1-Apple shares slump ahead of Sept 9 iPhone launch " "NEW YORK  Sept 3 Apple Inc shares were on track Wednesday for their worst day since January just days ahead of the launch of its latest iPhone  with one brokerage warning of a stock downgrade unless its new products show better promise for profit growth."
"Apple's smartwatch to have NFC technology: WSJ " "Apple Inc plans to include near-field communication (NFC)  a technology that can be used to make payments wirelessly  in its  upcoming smartwatch  the Wall Street Journal reported  citing people familiar with the matter."
"Apple's smartwatch to have NFC technology - WSJ " "Sept 4 Apple Inc plans to include near-field communication (NFC)  a technology that can be used to make payments wirelessly  in its  upcoming smartwatch  the Wall Street Journal reported  citing people familiar with the matter."
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Asian shares hold near 7-year high on Ukraine  ECB hopes " "* Samsung Electronics up as rival Apple hit by security concerns"
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks  euro dip ahead of ECB meeting " "* European markets dip  expectations for ECB policy action cool"
"Microsoft launches new 'affordable flagship' Lumia smartphone " "BERLIN Fresh from acquiring Nokia's handset business  Microsoft unveiled the first of its new range of Lumia smartphones on Thursday  priced to challenge a market dominated by volume leader Samsung and Apple Inc."
"Microsoft launches new ""affordable flagship"" Lumia smartphone " "BERLIN  Sept 4 Fresh from acquiring Nokia's handset business  Microsoft unveiled the first of its new range of Lumia smartphones on Thursday  priced to challenge a market dominated by volume leader Samsung and Apple Inc."
"U.S. watchdogs accuse Chinese Apple supplier of unsafe work conditions " "Sept 4 Working conditions at a Chinese factory supplying parts for Apple Inc iPads and MacBooks are dangerous and have even deteriorated since they were highlighted a year ago  two labour watchdogs said on Thursday."
"U.S. watchdogs accuse Chinese Apple supplier of unsafe work conditions " "Working conditions at a Chinese factory supplying parts for Apple Inc iPads and MacBooks are dangerous and have even deteriorated since they were highlighted a year ago  two labor watchdogs said on Thursday."
"Apple  Google appeal rejection of $324.5 mln settlement in hiring lawsuit " "SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 4 Four tech companies including Apple and Google appealed a U.S. judge's rejection of a proposed $324.5 million settlement in a lawsuit over hiring practices in Silicon Valley  according to a court filing from the companies late on Thursday."
"Apple  Google appeal rejection of $325 million hiring settlement " "SAN FRANCISCO Four technology companies including Apple and Google blasted a U.S. judge for rejecting a proposed $324.5 million settlement over hiring practices in Silicon Valley and asked an appeals court to intervene  according to a court filing."
"Apple's rivals hope its iWatch makes ""wearable"" work " "BERLIN/FRANKFURT  Sept 5 Know what a ""Wearable"" is? Most top tech executives would struggle to define it. Now they're hoping that Apple will do it for them."
"Apple to add security alerts for iCloud users  says Cook: WSJ " "Apple Inc  is planning additional steps to keep hackers out of user accounts in the face of the recent celebrity photo scandal and will aggressively encourage users to take stricter security measures  CEO Tim cook told the Wall Street Journal in an interview. | Video "
"Apple to add security alerts for iCloud users  says Cook - WSJ " "Sept 5 Apple Inc is planning additional steps to keep hackers out of user accounts in the face of the recent celebrity photo scandal  but denied that lack of security allowed intruders to post nude photographs of celebrities on the Internet  the Wall Street Journal reported."
"Huawei unveils phone with sapphire glass  finger-sensor  just days before Apple's iPhone 6 release " "BEIJING Huawei Technologies Co Ltd [HWT.UL] unveiled on Friday a slate of new devices meant to showcase the Chinese company's hardware technology  just days before Apple Inc releases its highly-anticipated iPhone 6 on Sept 9."
"Huawei unveils phone with sapphire glass  finger-sensor  just days before Apple's iPhone 6 release " "BEIJING  Sept 5 Huawei Technologies Co Ltd  unveiled on Friday a slate of new devices meant to showcase the Chinese company's hardware technology  just days before Apple Inc releases its highly-anticipated iPhone 6 on Sept 9."
"RPT-Apple's rivals hope its iWatch makes ""wearable"" work " "BERLIN/FRANKFURT  Sept 5 Know what a ""Wearable"" is? Most top tech executives would struggle to define it. Now they're hoping that Apple will do it for them."
"UPDATE 2-Apple  Google appeal rejection of $325 mln hiring settlement " "SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 4 Four technology companies including Apple and Google blasted a U.S. judge for rejecting a proposed $324.5 million settlement over hiring practices in Silicon Valley and asked an appeals court to intervene  according to a court filing."
"Apple courts fashionistas as smartwatch expectations mount " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc has invited top fashion editors and bloggers in unprecedented numbers to its Tuesday launch gala  further evidence that the iPhone maker is preparing to take the wraps off a smartwatch."
"Apple courts fashionistas as smartwatch expectations mount " "SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 6 Apple Inc has invited top fashion editors and bloggers in unprecedented numbers to its Tuesday launch gala  further evidence that the iPhone maker is preparing to take the wraps off a smartwatch."
"Showtime for Apple: Big phones  smart watches and high expectations " "SAN FRANCISCO It has been four years since Apple Inc introduced a completely new gadget and the pressure is on for the world's largest tech company to wow at its ""special event"" in Cupertino  California  on Tuesday."
"WeChat helps Apple rack up bonus points in China " "BEIJING Apple Inc has a lot for which to thank people like Deng."
"WeChat helps Apple rack up bonus points in China " "BEIJING  Sept 8 Apple Inc has a lot for which to thank people like Deng."
"Apple courts fashionistas as smartwatch expectations mount " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc has invited top fashion editors and bloggers in unprecedented numbers to its Tuesday launch gala  further evidence that the iPhone maker is preparing to take the wraps off a smartwatch."
"RPT-Apple courts fashionistas as smartwatch expectations mount " "SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 8 Apple Inc has invited top fashion editors and bloggers in unprecedented numbers to its Tuesday launch gala  further evidence that the iPhone maker is preparing to take the wraps off a smartwatch."
"Showtime for Apple: Big phones  smart watches and high expectations " "SAN FRANCISCO It has been four years since Apple Inc  introduced a completely new gadget and the pressure is on for the world's largest tech company to wow at its ""special event"" in Cupertino  California  on Tuesday. | Video "
"US STOCKS-Wall St dips in late afternoon as energy  Apple weigh " "NEW YORK  Sept 8 The Dow and S&P 500 are down in late afternoon trading on Monday  led by declines in energy shares and Apple  while the Nasdaq is up a tad."
"WeChat helps Apple rack up bonus points in China " "BEIJING Apple Inc has a lot for which to thank people like Deng."
"APPLE SAYS ""ONE MORE THING..."" " "APPLE SAYS ""ONE MORE THING..."" "
"Apple unveils the Watch  calling it the company's 'next chapter' " "CUPERTINO Calif. Apple Inc unveiled its long-anticipated smartwatch on Tuesday  venturing into its first new market in several years with a wearable device tethered to the iPhone that will combine health and fitness tracking with communications."
"Apple unveils watch  larger iPhones in bid to retake innovation crown " "By Christina  Farr  Alexei Oreskovic and Deepa Seetharaman | Video "
"APPLE WATCH WILL START AT $349  AVAILABLE EARLY 2015 " "APPLE WATCH WILL START AT $349  AVAILABLE EARLY 2015 "
"UPDATE 5-Apple unveils watch  larger iPhones in bid to retake innovation crown " "By Christina  Farr  Alexei Oreskovic and Deepa Seetharaman"
"US STOCKS-Investors see new watch as time to buy Apple " "NEW YORK  Sept 9 Apple Inc was sharply higher in afternoon trading on Tuesday  moving on heavy volume as the company unveiled a new smartwatch  an item representing a new product category  as had been widely expected."
"US STOCKS-Wall St ends lower as Apple falls  bond yields rise " "NEW YORK  Sept 9 U.S. stocks fell on Tuesday as Apple shares declined and as bond yields hit their highest in a month on concerns the Federal Reserve could raise interest rates sooner than some investors had expected."
"US STOCKS-Wall St falls late afternoon; Apple shares cut gain " "NEW YORK  Sept 9 U.S. stocks were down sharply in late afternoon trading on Tuesday in a broad selloff as shares of Apple cut earlier gains."
"Verizon offers free iPhone 6 in return for 2-year contract  used phone " "WASHINGTON  Sept 9 Verizon Communications  will give subscribers who trade in an old iPhone a free iPhone 6 in exchange for a two-year contract  the country's largest wireless carrier announced hours after Apple Inc  unveiled the widely anticipated device."
"Verizon offers free iPhone 6 in return for two-year contract  used phone " "WASHINGTON Verizon Communications will give subscribers who trade in an old iPhone a free iPhone 6 in exchange for a two-year contract  the country's largest wireless carrier announced hours after Apple Inc unveiled the widely anticipated device."
"Apple hires senior Gap marketing exec : AdAge " "Apple Inc is planning to hire Gap Inc executive  Marcela Aguilar  as director-global marketing communications  website Ad Age reported on Wednesday."
"Apple hires senior Gap marketing exec: AdAge " "Apple Inc is planning to hire Gap Inc executive  Marcela Aguilar  as director-global marketing communications  website Ad Age reported on Wednesday."
"Apple hires senior Gap marketing exec -AdAge " "Sept 10 Apple Inc is planning to hire Gap Inc executive  Marcela Aguilar  as director-global marketing communications  website Ad Age reported on Wednesday."
"Apple payments service may boost sales of larger iPhones " "The addition of a mobile payments service to Apple Inc's next iPhone could help to boost sales of the larger-screen phones and claw back market share lost to mobiles running on Google Inc's Android platform. | Video "
"In search of the missing 'i' in Apple's Watch " "SAN FRANCISCO/NEW YORK Apple Inc's Tuesday launch was a marketing extravaganza stuffed full of gadgets  corporate hyperbole and celebrities of every stripe. One thing was missing: the ""i"" in front of the Watch."
"In search of the missing 'i' in Apple's Watch " "SAN FRANCISCO/NEW YORK  Sept 10 Apple Inc's  Tuesday launch was a marketing extravaganza stuffed full of gadgets  corporate hyperbole and celebrities of every stripe. One thing was missing: the ""i"" in front of the Watch."
"Retailers seen unlikely to warm up to Apple Pay " "Apple Inc's launch of its own tap-to-pay system using near-field communication in its new iPhones and smartwatches may not be a game changer after all."
"U.S. stocks rise on Apple; rate hike views boost dollar " "NEW YORK U.S. stocks rose on Wednesday  helped by a rebound in Apple shares  while expectations for a stronger economy and thus higher interest rates from the Federal Reserve boosted the dollar to a six-year high against the yen."
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Apple leads market higher  energy weighs " "NEW YORK  Sept 10 A rebound in Apple  shares helped push U.S. stocks higher on Wednesday for the first session in three  while the energy sector lagged as crude prices fell."
"US STOCKS-Wall St ends higher after 2 days of losses as Apple rebounds " "NEW YORK  Sept 10 A rebound in Apple  shares helped push U.S. stocks higher on Wednesday  breaking the market's two-day string of losses."
"Apple payments service may boost sales of larger iPhones " "The addition of a mobile payments service to Apple Inc's next iPhone could help to boost sales of the larger-screen phones and claw back market share lost to mobiles running on Google Inc's Android platform. | Video "
"China misses out on first wave of new iPhone releases " "BEIJING Consumers in China  who represent an increasingly critical pillar of Apple Inc's business  will not be able to buy the new iPhone 6 as part of the first wave of buyers around the world this month."
"Fitch: iPhone Takes a Bite of the Mobile Card Payment Apple " "(The following statement was released by the rating agency) NEW YORK  September 11 (Fitch) Tuesday's unveiling of Apple Pay is widely  expected to further bolster growth of the evolving mobile payments landscape.  Apple may be better positioned to succeed where other institutions have had  limited success given the company's financial resources and history of strong  new product adoption  according to Fitch Ratings.   We believe that the impact of any success on the payments industry remains  un"
"Health developers  doctors want to see more from Apple's watch " "SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 11 Technology pundits were quick to predict the demise of most fitness wristbands and smartwatches when Apple Inc launched its Apple Watch. But healthcare professionals and fitness junkies were left wanting to see more."
"Health developers  doctors want to see more from Apple's watch " "SAN FRANCISCO Technology pundits were quick to predict the demise of most fitness wristbands and smartwatches when Apple Inc launched its Apple Watch. But healthcare professionals and fitness junkies were left wanting to see more."
"REFILE-U.S. hearing aid sales dip in August " "(Corrects name to Industries from Industry in paragraph one)"
"RPT-In search of the missing 'i' in Apple's Watch " "SAN FRANCISCO/NEW YORK  Sept 11 Apple Inc's  Tuesday launch was a marketing extravaganza stuffed full of gadgets  corporate hyperbole and celebrities of every stripe. One thing was missing: the ""i"" in front of the Watch."
"Swiss stocks - Factors to watch on Sept 11 " "ZURICH  Sept 11 Swiss stocks were expected to open higher on Thursday  in line with European markets seen tracking gains on Wall Street where Apple rebounded  boosted by bullish analyst notes."
"UPDATE 1-China misses out on first wave of new iPhone releases " "BEIJING  Sept 11 Millions of people in China  increasingly a critical pillar of Apple Inc's business  may have to wait until the year-end before they can buy the new iPhone 6."
"US STOCKS-Wall St edges down; energy shares extend decline " "NEW YORK  Sept 11 U.S. stocks were lower at midday on Thursday as energy shares extended their decline and shares of Apple dipped."
"Apple gets a failing grade for Canadian geography " "TORONTO Geography has again stumped Apple Inc  with the technology company mixing up and relocating both Canada's largest city and its national capital on a map showing when different parts of the country can expect new iPhone deliveries."
"Apple gets a failing grade for Canadian geography " "TORONTO  Sept 12 Geography has again stumped Apple Inc  with the technology company mixing up and relocating both Canada's largest city and its national capital on a map showing when different parts of the country can expect new iPhone deliveries."
"China's iPhone delay gives smugglers reason to cheer " "HONG KONG  Sept 12 The likely delayed launch of Apple Inc's new iPhone 6 in China  the world's biggest smartphone market  sparked a race to pre-order the phone in Hong Kong on Friday."
"China's iPhone delay gives smugglers reason to cheer " "HONG KONG The likely delayed launch of Apple Inc's  new iPhone 6 in China  the world's biggest smartphone market  sparked a race to pre-order the phone in Hong Kong on Friday."
"Larger Apple iPhone shipments delayed amid record orders " "Customers may have to wait three to four weeks to get their hands on Apple Inc's  iPhone 6 Plus  after a record number of orders for the company's latest smartphones strained available supply."
"New iPhone 6 Plus pre-order shipments to be delayed by a month " "Sept 12 Many customers will have to wait three to four weeks to get their hands on Apple Inc's larger screen iPhone 6 Plus after pre-orders for Sept. 19 delivery were booked out within hours."
"UPDATE 2-Larger Apple iPhone shipments delayed amid record orders " "Sept 12 Customers may have to wait three to four weeks to get their hands on Apple Inc's iPhone 6 Plus  after a record number of orders for the company's latest smartphones strained available supply."
"Apple iPhone 6 pre-orders hit record 4 million on first day " "Apple Inc said many customers will need to wait until next month for their new iPhones after a record 4 million first-day pre-orders were logged  double the number for the iPhone 5 two years ago. | Video "
"Apple receives record pre-orders for new iPhones " "Sept 15 Apple Inc said it received record first-day pre-orders of its new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus  with over four million in the first 24 hours  meaning many customers will have to wait for their new phones."
"Exclusive: Two Apple medical trials shed light on how HealthKit will work " "SAN FRANCISCO Two prominent U.S. hospitals are preparing to launch trials with diabetics and chronic disease patients using Apple Inc's  HealthKit  offering a glimpse of how the iPhone maker's ambitious take on healthcare will work in practice."
"UPDATE 2-Apple iPhone 6 pre-orders hit record 4 mln on first day " "(Adds analysts' comments  updates share movement  details)"
"BRIEF-U.S. appeals court vacates $368.2 million damages award to VirnetX  SAIC in patent case " "Sept 16   * U.S. appeals court vacates $368.2 million damages award to VirnetX Holding"
"UPDATE 1-U.S. court throws out VirnetX $368 mln patent award vs Apple " "* VirnetX shares plunge as much as 59.8 percent   (Adds Apple  VirnetX comments  details about VirnetX  updates share prices)"
"U.S. court throws out VirnetX $368 million patent award vs Apple " "A federal appeals court on Tuesday threw out a jury order requiring Apple Inc to pay VirnetX Holding Corp $368.2 million in damages for infringing four patents concerning technology for providing security over the Internet."
"U.S. court throws out VirnetX $368 mln patent award vs Apple " "Sept 16 A federal appeals court on Tuesday threw out a jury order requiring Apple Inc to pay VirnetX Holding Corp $368.2 million in damages for infringing four patents concerning technology for providing security over the Internet."
"US STOCKS-Wall St ticks higher  led by energy; Apple drags " "NEW YORK  Sept 16 U.S. stocks were rising on Tuesday  with energy stocks posting their best day in more than a month as crude prices bounced back."
"Apple to unveil new iPads  operating system on Oct. 21: report " "Apple Inc  is set to launch two new iPads and release the next version of its Mac operating system at its next event on Oct. 21  a Daily Dot report said  citing sources familiar with the matter."
"Apple to unveil new iPads  operating system on Oct. 21 - report " "Sept 17 Apple Inc is set to launch two new iPads and release the next version of its Mac operating system at its next event on Oct. 21  a Daily Dot report said  citing sources familiar with the matter."
"Bug delays Apple's HealthKit availability on iOS 8 " "Sept 17 Apple Inc said it found a bug in HealthKit  delaying the healthcare application platform's availability on the iPhone maker's iOS 8 operating systems."
"CORRECTED-IPhone comes out of a ""bygone era""  reviewers hail bigger handset " "(Corrects last name in paragraphs 8 and 9 to ""Topolsky"" from ""Topolski"")"
"CORRECTED-UPDATE 1-IPhone emerges from ""bygone era""  reviewers hail bigger handset " "(Corrects last name in paragraphs 8 and 9 to ""Topolsky"" from ""Topolski"")"
"IPhone emerges from 'bygone era'  reviewers hail bigger handset " "Bigger is better and Apple Inc  has finally realized that and given iPhone users a product that may be low on novelty but high on improvements  reviewers wrote."
"New Apple devices include default kill switch " "WASHINGTON New Apple Inc phones include a theft deterrent system that enables users to lock their devices and wipe them clean of data if stolen  a victory for regulators who have long pushed the telecommunications industry to do more to stem theft."
"New Apple devices include default kill switch " "WASHINGTON  Sept 17 New Apple Inc  phones include a theft deterrent system that enables users to lock their devices and wipe them clean of data if stolen  a victory for regulators who have long pushed the telecommunications industry to do more to stem theft."
"UPDATE 1-Apple to unveil new iPads  operating system on Oct. 21 - report " "Sept 17 Apple Inc is set to launch two new iPads and release the next version of its Mac operating system at its next event on Oct. 21  a Daily Dot report said  citing sources familiar with the matter."
"UPDATE 2-Bug delays Apple's HealthKit availability on iOS 8 " "Sept 17 Apple Inc said a bug in its HealthKit health and fitness application platform prevented its release along with the launch of its iOS 8 operating system for iPhones and iPads."
"Apple's iPhone 6 gets one Chinese license  needs another before sales begin " "BEIJING  Sept 18 Apple Inc's iPhone 6 received regulatory approval for use on domestic frequencies but still requires one more critical licence before it may be sold in the country  the official Xinhua news agency reported on Thursday."
"Apple's iPhone 6 still one license away from elusive China launch " "BEIJING Apple Inc  is still awaiting a critical license from Chinese regulators before it can sell its new iPhone 6 in one of the company's most important markets. | Video "
"Apple tries to assuage privacy fears  puts focus on security " "Apple Inc is making strong efforts to assuage users' fears after taking the heat in the celebrity photo leak scandal that emerged over the Labor Day weekend."
"Apple tries to assuage privacy fears  puts focus on security " "Sept 18 Apple Inc is making strong efforts to assuage users' fears after taking the heat in the celebrity photo leak scandal that emerged over the Labor Day weekend."
"Cerner and Athenahealth say integrating with Apple's mobile health service " "SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 18 Cerner Corp and Athenahealth Inc  two leading U.S. electronic health record providers  said on Thursday they are working with Apple Inc to develop applications that leverage its HealthKit  Apple's mobile health service."
"UPDATE 1-Apple's iPhone 6 still one licence away from elusive China launch " "BEIJING  Sept 18 Apple Inc is still awaiting a critical licence from Chinese regulators before it can sell its new iPhone 6 in one of the company's most important markets."
"Apple faithful line up for latest  larger iPhones " "NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc's  latest phone lured throngs of gadget lovers  entrepreneurs and early adopters to its stores in New York  San Francisco and other cities around the world in the latest sign of strong initial demand for the new  larger generation of iPhones. | Video "
"Apple faithful line up for latest  larger iPhones " "NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 19 Apple Inc's  latest phone lured throngs of gadget lovers  entrepreneurs and early adapters to its stores in New York  San Francisco and other cities around the world in the latest sign of strong initial demand for the new  larger generation of iPhones."
"Opportunists cash in on delayed iPhone launch in China " "SINGAPORE/TOKYO Lured by the promise of profit from smuggling the new iPhones into China  opportunists joined the thousands of Apple Inc fans lining up to buy the devices as they were launched on Friday across Asia. | Video "
"Opportunists cash in on delayed iPhone launch in China " "SINGAPORE/TOKYO Sept 19 Lured by the promise of profit from smuggling the new iPhones into China  opportunists joined the thousands of Apple Inc fans lining up to buy the devices as they were launched on Friday across Asia."
"REFILE-UPDATE 2-Apple faithful line up for latest  larger iPhones " "(Fixes typographical error in first paragraph  ""adopters"" not ""adapters"")"
"Rivals dash to support Apple Pay for fear of losing out " "FRANKFURT In the hype-fueled technology industry  ""revolutionary"" is a word in danger of losing its meaning."
"Rivals dash to support Apple Pay for fear of losing out " "FRANKFURT  Sept 19 In the hype-fuelled technology industry  ""revolutionary"" is a word in danger of losing its meaning."
"Some consumers say Apple is losing its 'cool' factor " "SAN FRANCISCO Holly Riggle  a 29-year-old white-collar worker from Ohio  is just the kind of everyday customer Apple Inc  would love to have for its new iPhone 6  which launches Friday."
"Some consumers say Apple is losing its ""cool"" factor " "SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 19 Holly Riggle  a 29-year-old white-collar worker from Ohio  is just the kind of everyday customer Apple Inc would love to have for its new iPhone 6  which launches Friday."
"UPDATE 1-Some consumers say Apple is losing its 'cool' factor " "SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 19 Holly Riggle  a 29-year-old white-collar worker from Ohio  is just the kind of everyday customer Apple Inc would love to have for its new iPhone 6  which launches Friday."
"Apple sells more than 10 million new iPhones in first three days " "Apple Inc said it sold more than 10 million iPhones in the first weekend after its new models went on sale on Friday   underscoring strong demand for phones with larger displays. | Video "
"Apple sells record 10 mln new iPhones in first three days " "Sept 22 Apple Inc said it sold a record 10 million iPhones in the first weekend after its new  larger phone models went on sale in 10 countries on Friday."
"BUZZ-Apple Inc: Sells over 10 mln iPhones in first 3 days " "** Apple sold 10 million phones in first weekend after new lines went on sale in 10 countries on Friday"
"BUZZ-U.S. Stocks on the Move-Apple  GSK  Sigma-Aldrich  Yahoo  Clorox " "(For faster updates on individual market-movers  Eikon users please use search string ""STXBZ US""; for more market insights  including options activity  ; for the Day Ahead newsletter  http://link.reuters.com/mex49s; for the Morning News Call newsletter  http://link.reuters.com/nex49s)  U.S. stock index futures were falling on Monday  putting the S&P 500 on track to pull back from near-record levels after China's finance minister indicated the country will not increase stimulus measures and ahead"
"BUZZ-U.S. Stocks on the Move-InvenSense  Viasystems  Apple  RadioShack  Sigma-Aldrich " "(For faster updates on individual market-movers  Eikon users please use search string ""STXBZ US""; for more market insights  including options activity  ; for the Day Ahead newsletter  http://link.reuters.com/mex49s; for the Morning News Call newsletter  http://link.reuters.com/nex49s)  U.S. stocks dipped at the open on Monday  after China's finance minister indicated the country will not increase stimulus measures  with data on the housing market due shortly after the opening bell."
"UPDATE 3-Apple sells more than 10 mln new iPhones in first 3 days " "(Adds details on customer fight outside Apple store; updates shares)"
"China regulator says iPhone 6 in final review stages: Tencent " "BEIJING Apple Inc's iPhone 6 is in the final stages of review for approval  with results due shortly  a top Chinese government regulator said in an interview published on Tuesday by Tencent."
"China regulator says iPhone 6 in final review stages -Tencent " "BEIJING  Sept 23 Apple Inc's iPhone 6 is in the final stages of review for approval  with results due shortly  a top Chinese government regulator said in an interview published on Tuesday by Tencent."
"Apple customers discover unexpected flexibility in iPhone 6 Plus " "SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 24 Apple iPhone 6 Plus buyers have discovered an unexpected quirk in their new phones: they bend when placed in back pockets."
"Apple iPhone rollout marred by ‘bendgate ’ dropped cell service " "SAN FRANCISCO Two new Apple  products hit speed bumps on Wednesday: iPhone 6 Plus buyers discovered their phones can bend when placed in back pockets  and the company pulled its latest mobile operating system after reports of dropped cellular service."
"Apple pulls iOS 8 update after reports of dropped cellular service " "Apple Inc has pulled an update to iOS 8  its latest mobile operating system  following reports of dropped cellular service."
"Apple pulls iOS 8 update after reports of dropped cellular service " "Sept 24 Apple Inc has pulled an update to iOS 8  its latest mobile operating system  following reports of dropped cellular service."
"BRIEF-Straight Path Communications subsidiary sues Apple over patents " "* Straight Path Communications Inc subsidiary sues Apple Inc over four patents related to Facetime technology-court filing"
"Jabil Circuit forecasts strong first quarter on iPhone sales " "Contract electronics maker Jabil Circuit Inc forecast current-quarter revenue and core earnings above market estimates after sales of Apple Inc's iPhone 6 and 6 plus exceeded expectations."
"UPDATE 1-Apple iPhone rollout marred by 'bendgate ' dropped cell service " "(Recasts to add withdrawal of iOS 8 update  adds comment from BlackBerry CEO  14th paragraph)"
"UPDATE 1-Jabil Circuit forecasts strong first quarter on iPhone sales " "Sept 24 Contract electronics maker Jabil Circuit Inc forecast current-quarter revenue and core earnings above market estimates after sales of Apple Inc's  iPhone 6 and 6 plus exceeded expectations."
"Apple plays defense on iPhone 6 bending  software concerns " "Apple Inc  broke its silence on complaints about bending iPhones  hours after withdrawing a glitch-ridden software update as the company struggles to restore momentum to the rollout of its latest phones. | Video "
"At L.A. Clippers  Steve Ballmer prizes team tested by adversity " "LOS ANGELES After Steve Ballmer plunked down $2 billion for the NBA's Los Angeles Clippers  fans might expect the former Microsoft chief executive to be hitting the reset button on a team that has been through a nasty public fight over racism."
"CORRECTED-UPDATE 1-Apple releases iOS 8 workaround to fix dropped cell service " "(Corrects last paragraph to say Apple pulled back an update to iOS 8  not the system itself)"
"REFILE-At L.A. Clippers  Steve Ballmer prizes team tested by adversity " "LOS ANGELES  Sept 24 After Steve Ballmer plunked down $2 billion for the NBA's Los Angeles Clippers  fans might expect the former Microsoft chief executive to be hitting the reset button on a team that has been through a nasty public fight over racism."
"UPDATE 5-Apple plays defense on iPhone 6 bending  software concerns " "Sept 25 Apple Inc broke its silence on complaints about bending iPhones  hours after withdrawing a glitch-ridden software update as the company struggles to restore momentum to the rollout of its latest phones."
"US STOCKS-Apple falls in heavy volume  but may find support " "NEW YORK  Sept 25 Apple Inc shares were tumbling on Thursday  with the tech company suffering one of its biggest daily declines of the year and breaking under key technical levels."
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall St ends sharply lower as Apple weighs " "NEW YORK  Sept 25 U.S. stocks fell more than 1 percent on Thursday  with the S&P 500 suffering its biggest one-day decline since July  as Apple Inc tumbled and the dollar rose to a four-year high."
"US STOCKS-Wall St ends sharply lower  S&P below key support level " "NEW YORK  Sept 25 U.S. stocks ended with sharp losses on Thursday  with the S&P 500 suffering its biggest one-day decline since July  as Apple tumbled and the dollar rose to a four-year high."
"US STOCKS-Wall St slumps as Apple drags; S&P breaks support level " "NEW YORK  Sept 25 U.S. stocks were sharply lower heading into the midpoint of trading on Thursday  with each of the major indexes falling more than one percent and the S&P dropping through a key support level as Apple shares slumped."
"Apple releases new software update to fix bug on iPhone 6 " "Apple Inc  released a new software update late on Thursday after some users of its new iPhone 6 complained of call service disruptions and other problems due to a previous update."
"Apple releases new software update to fix bug on iPhone 6 " "Sept 25 Apple Inc released a new software update late on Thursday after some users of its new iPhone 6 complained of call service disruptions and other problems due to a previous update."
"Apple says 'Shellshock' no risk to vast majority of Mac users " "BOSTON Apple Inc  said the vast majority of Mac computer users are not at risk from the recently identified ""Shellshock"" computer bug  which security experts have warned affect  operating systems  including Mac's OS X."
"Apple says 'Shellshock' no risk to vast majority of Mac users " "BOSTON  Sept 26 Apple Inc said the vast majority of Mac computer users are not at risk from the recently identified ""Shellshock"" computer bug  which security experts have warned affect  operating systems  including Mac's OS X."
"Gross' Pimco exit hits bonds; U.S. GDP data lifts stocks  dollar " "NEW YORK High-profile investor Bill Gross's departure from Pimco shook the bond market on Friday  while world stock markets and the dollar rose following data showing the U.S. economy grew at its fastest pace in more than two years in the second quarter."
"India Morning Call-Global Markets " "NEW YORK - U.S. stocks ended with sharp losses on Thursday  with the S&P 500 suffering its biggest one-day decline since July  as Apple tumbled and the dollar rose to a four-year high."
"UPDATE 6-Apple plays defense on iPhone 6 bending  software concerns " "(Adds Apple releasing new software update to fix problems)"
"Brussels to accuse Apple over illegal Irish tax deals -FT " "Sept 28 The European Commission will accuse Apple Inc of benefitting from illicit state aid in Ireland  based on preliminary findings of an investigation into tax deals  the Financial Times reported citing people familiar with the matter."
"Brussels to accuse Apple over illegal Irish tax deals: FT " "The European Commission will accuse Apple Inc  of benefiting from illicit state aid in Ireland  based on preliminary findings of an investigation into tax deals  the Financial Times reported citing people familiar with the matter."
"EU regulator to give reasons for inquiry into Irish aid to Apple " "BRUSSELS  Sept 29 The European Commission will publish on Tuesday its reasons for opening an in-depth inquiry into Irish government aid to Apple  a Commission spokesman said."
"EU watchdog to give detail on Apple and Fiat tax investigations " "BRUSSELS European Union regulators will provide more details on Tuesday of their reasons for launching in-depth inquiries into tax arrangements reached by Ireland with Apple and by Luxembourg with a Fiat subsidiary."
"Humana to integrate its health application with Apple's HealthKit " "Humana Inc  which manages private Medicare and individual Obamacare insurance plans  said on Monday it has integrated its consumer health application with Apple Inc's HealthKit."
"Humana to integrate its health application with Apple's HealthKit " "Sept 29 Humana Inc  which manages private Medicare and individual Obamacare insurance plans  said on Monday it has integrated its consumer health application with Apple Inc's HealthKit."
"NXT-ID banking on smart wallet to start making profit next year " "Biometric security company NXT-ID Inc expects to turn profitable next year  Chief Executive Gino Pereira said  as the company rolls out a $150 digital wallet as an alternative to new payment services such as Apple Pay."
"UPDATE 2-EU watchdog to give detail on Apple and Fiat tax investigations " "* Aims to determine whether deals were illegal state aid   (Adds Fiat  quotes  background)"
"China OKs iPhone 6 sale after Apple addresses security concerns " "BEIJING The iPhone 6 will be sold in China from Oct 17  after rigorous regulator scrutiny led to Apple Inc  reassuring the Chinese government that the smartphones did not have security ""backdoors"" through which U.S. agencies can access users' data."
"EU says Ireland swapped Apple tax deal for jobs " "BRUSSELS/LONDON The European Union has accused Ireland of swerving international tax rules by letting Apple shelter profits worth tens of billions of dollars from revenue collectors in return for maintaining jobs. | Video "
"Google searches for right note in online music business " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc is planning new and revamped streaming-music services in coming weeks  searching for a way to stand out in an increasingly crowded field of rivals from Apple Inc and Amazon.com Inc to Spotify."
"Google searches for right note in online music business " "SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 30 Google Inc   is planning new and revamped streaming-music services in coming weeks  searching for a way to stand out in an increasingly crowded field of rivals from Apple Inc and Amazon.com Inc to Spotify."
"UPDATE 3-EU says Ireland swapped Apple tax deal for jobs " "* EU regulator requests income statements of 2 Apple groups"
"UPDATE 5-EBay follows Icahn's advice  plans PayPal spinoff in 2015 " "Sept 30 EBay Inc's agreement on Tuesday to spin off PayPal next year will give the unit more flexibility to strike deals in the rapidly evolving payments space as growth at the company's traditional e-commerce business slows."
"U.S. attorney general criticizes Apple  Google data encryption " "WASHINGTON Joining a cry from law enforcement officials concerned about data encryption on Apple's newest operating system  U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said on Tuesday that officers should not be blocked from the information they need to investigate a crime."
"U.S. attorney general criticizes Apple  Google data encryption " "WASHINGTON  Sept 30 Joining a cry from law enforcement officials concerned about data encryption on Apple's  newest operating system  U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said on Tuesday that officers should not be blocked from the information they need to investigate a crime."
"With iPhone 6 approved in China  Apple suppliers ready for demand " "TAIPEI With the launch of Apple's eagerly anticipated iPhone 6 finally on the horizon for Chinese fans  the U.S. company's supply chain is geared up and ready to deal with any surge in demand from the world's largest smartphone market."
"Apple's iOS 8 causing Bluetooth connectivity issues: MacRumors " "Apple Inc's new mobile operating system iOS8 is causing significant issues for some users who connect their phones to cars via Bluetooth  reports Apple news blog MacRumors  citing reports on Apple's Support forums and its own user forums."
"Apple's iOS 8 causing Bluetooth connectivity issues - MacRumors " "Oct 1 Apple Inc's new mobile operating system iOS8 is causing significant issues for some users who connect their phones to cars via Bluetooth  reports Apple news blog MacRumors  citing reports on Apple's Support forums and its own user forums."
"WiLan says loses LTE patent case against Apple " "TORONTO Canadian patent licensing company WiLan Inc  on Wednesday said a U.S. judge had ruled in favor of Apple Inc  in a litigation case against it."
"WiLan says loses LTE patent case against Apple " "TORONTO  Oct 1 Canadian patent licensing company WiLan Inc on Wednesday said a U.S. judge had ruled in favour of Apple Inc in a litigation case against it."
"Apple to hold iPad event on Oct. 16: Re/Code " "Apple Inc plans to hold a ""special event"" on Oct. 16  where it is expected to launch its new iPads  technology website Re/Code said  citing sources."
"Apple to hold iPad event on Oct. 16 - Re/Code " "Oct 3 Apple Inc plans to hold a ""special event"" on Oct. 16  where it is expected to launch its new iPads  technology website Re/Code said  citing sources."
"UPDATE 1-UK engineer Renishaw seen benefiting from new Apple products " "Oct 3 British precision engineering company Renishaw Plc said first-quarter revenue rose 28 percent  helped by strong growth in the Asia-Pacific region that some analysts linked to the launch of new products from Apple Inc ."
"Apple supplier GT Advanced shocks with bankruptcy filing " "GT Advanced Technologies Inc  Apple Inc's partner in a sapphire glass plant in Arizona  filed for bankruptcy on Monday in a stunning turn of events for a company whose fortunes looked bright only a few months ago."
"GT Advanced files for bankruptcy " "Oct 6 Solar and LED equipment maker GT Advanced Technologies Inc  a supplier of sapphire glass to Apple Inc  said it had filed for voluntary bankruptcy protection."
"UPDATE 3-Apple supplier GT Advanced shocks with bankruptcy filing " "* Shares slump more than 90 percent to record low of $0.75"
"GT Advanced first bankruptcy hearing set for Thursday " "Apple Inc supplier GT Advanced Technologies Inc will hold its first Chapter 11 bankruptcy court hearing on Thursday at 10 a.m. ET  according to a clerk in the U.S. bankruptcy court in Manchester  New Hampshire."
"UPDATE 1-Taiwan September exports lag on weak European growth " "(Adds details on exports markets  comments)     By Roger Tung and Michael Gold     TAIPEI  Oct 7 Taiwan's September exports expanded only half as much as expected  data showed on Tuesday  as weakness in some industrial sectors and stagnant demand from the euro zone offset the dividends from new product launches by Apple Inc.     Exports in September grew 4.70 percent from a year earlier   the island's Ministry of Finance said  versus expectations of 9.30 percent in a Reuters poll of "
"BRIEF-Luoyang Northglass' unit signs agreement with Apple to supply glass for construction " "* Says unit signs agreement with Apple to supply glass for construction  contract worth $28.4 million"
"GT Advanced bankruptcy offers warning to Apple suppliers " "SAN FRANCISCO/TOKYO  Oct 8 The financial implosion of Apple Inc supplier GT Advanced Technologies Inc this week offers a dramatic illustration of how the iPhone maker can put the screws to suppliers willing to take a short-term risk for future riches."
"GT Advanced bankruptcy offers warning to Apple suppliers " "SAN FRANCISCO/TOKYO The financial implosion of Apple Inc  supplier GT Advanced Technologies Inc  this week offers a dramatic illustration of how the iPhone maker can put the screws to suppliers willing to take a short-term risk for future riches."
"Icahn tweets he will send open letter to Apple " "Oct 8 Billionaire activist investor Carl Icahn tweeted on Wednesday  saying he would send an open letter to Apple Inc on Thursday."
"UPDATE 1-Apple says surprised by GT's bankruptcy filing " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 8 Apple Inc said on Wednesday it was surprised by supplier GT Advanced Technologies Inc's bankruptcy filing this week  and is now considering its next steps."
"UPDATE 1-GT Advanced bankruptcy offers warning to Apple suppliers " "(New throughout  adds comment from Apple  background on factory)"
"Apple delays production of larger iPad: WSJ " "Apple Inc  suppliers have delayed the production of a larger iPad to early next year  the Wall Street Journal reported  citing people familiar with the matter."
"British entrepreneur turns Midas touch to Samsung phones " "Weeks before Apple Inc unveiled its latest iPhone  a British company was advertising a gold-plated version on its website."
"Deals of the day-Mergers and acquisitions " "(Baidu  Lloyds  Serco  Deutsche Boerse  Cytotools  AquaChile  Riverbed  Big Bus Tours)"
"Google wins bid on which court to fight Rockstar over patents " "WASHINGTON  Oct 9 Google Inc will fight patent holder Rockstar Consortium in a California court instead of a Texas court that lawyers consider more friendly toward plaintiffs."
"GT Advanced asks bankruptcy court to keep documents secret " "Oct 9 Apple Inc supplier GT Advanced Technologies Inc asked a U.S. bankruptcy court to keep under seal some key documents relating to a third-party  saying this would allow it to avoid paying damages under confidentiality agreements."
"GT says confidentiality pact rules out bankruptcy explanation " "Apple Inc  supplier GT Advanced Technologies Inc  argued on Thursday it could not reveal why it filed for bankruptcy and asked a court to keep crucial documents sealed  a highly unusual move that may keep investors in the dark about its unexpected financial implosion."
"Icahn urges Apple to repurchase more shares " "Oct 9 Billionaire activist investor Carl Icahn urged Apple Inc's board to start a tender offer to repurchase shares using a part of its $133 billion cash pile."
"Icahn urges 'undervalued' Apple to buy back more shares " "Billionaire activist investor Carl Icahn said Apple Inc's  shares could double in value and urged the company's board to buy back more shares using its $133 billion cash pile."
"UPDATE 3-Icahn urges 'undervalued' Apple to buy back more shares " "(Adds comments from Icahn on size of buyback  proxy contest  updates stock price)"
"UPDATE 6-GT says confidentiality pact rules out bankruptcy explanation " "(Adds filing of class action lawsuit against company management in final two paragraphs)"
"Apple given time to block info in GT bankruptcy case: ruling " "Apple Inc  will have at least three days to review and potentially move to bar any information about its relationship with GT Advanced Technologies Inc  that may arise during the latter's bankruptcy hearings  the court said in a ruling on Thursday."
"Apple given time to block info in GT bankruptcy case -ruling " "Oct 9 Apple Inc will have at least three days to review and potentially move to bar any information about its relationship with GT Advanced Technologies Inc  that may arise during the latter's bankruptcy hearings  the court said in a ruling on Thursday."
"Apple supplier GT to drop sapphire ops  asks bankruptcy plan remain secret " "MANCHESTER N.H. GT Advanced Technologies Inc  on Thursday revealed it intends to wind down sapphire production  cutting short its once-promising bid to supply the scratch-resistant material for Apple Inc's  iPhones and other mobile devices."
"GT to cut jobs  wind down sapphire plant; takes aim at Apple " "GT Advanced Technologies Inc  said it will cut 890 jobs  close an Arizona plant expected to make scratch-resistant screens for Apple Inc   and suggested it could pursue legal claims against the iPhone maker while revamping under bankruptcy."
"GT to cut jobs  wind down sapphire plant; takes aim at Apple " "Oct 10 GT Advanced Technologies Inc  said it will cut 890 jobs  close an Arizona plant expected to make scratch-resistant screens for Apple Inc  and suggested it could pursue legal claims against the iPhone maker while revamping under bankruptcy."
"UPDATE 1-GT to cut jobs  wind down sapphire plant; takes aim at Apple " "Oct 10 GT Advanced Technologies Inc  said it will cut 890 jobs  close an Arizona plant expected to make scratch-resistant screens for Apple Inc  and suggested it could pursue legal claims against the iPhone maker while revamping under bankruptcy."
"UPDATE 7-Apple supplier GT to drop sapphire ops  asks bankruptcy plan remain secret " "MANCHESTER  N.H.  Oct 9 GT Advanced Technologies Inc on Thursday revealed it intends to wind down sapphire production  cutting short its once-promising bid to supply the scratch-resistant material for Apple Inc's  iPhones and other mobile devices."
"New iPhones to be available in more than 115 countries by year-end " "Apple Inc  said that its recently released iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus phones will be available in more than 115 countries by the end of the year."
"New iPhones to be available in more than 115 countries by year-end " "Oct 13 Apple Inc said that its recently released iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus phones will be available in more than 115 countries by the end of the year."
"Self-publishing never easier but money  glory scarce " "FRANKFURT For any author frustrated by rejections from publishing houses or wanting to cut out the middle man  there has never been an easier or cheaper time to self-publish."
"Apple supplier Skyworks' profit jumps as RF chip demand rises " "Skyworks Solutions Inc  a supplier of radio frequency chips to companies such as Apple Inc  estimated fourth-quarter adjusted profit and revenue above its forecast  sending its shares up as much as 12.5 percent."
"Irish tax changes may cost U.S. groups billions " "LONDON Ireland's plan to close a ""Double Irish"" tax loophole could cost U.S. companies including Apple and Google billions of dollars  although a new break and pressure to tackle tax avoidance elsewhere means they are unlikely to decamp."
"Irish tax changes may cost U.S. groups billions " "* U.S. firms will struggle to find such big loopholes elsewhere"
"Solvay wins contract to provide plastic for iPhone 6: Bloomberg " "Belgian chemicals company Solvay SA has won a contract to provide plastic for Apple Inc's latest smartphone iPhone 6 handsets  Bloomberg said on Monday."
"Solvay wins contract to provide plastic for iPhone 6 - Bloomberg " "Oct 13 Belgian chemicals company Solvay SA  has won a contract to provide plastic for Apple Inc's  latest smartphone iPhone 6 handsets  Bloomberg said on Monday."
"Tech workers ask appeals court to reject Apple  Google bid " "SAN FRANCISCO Employees suing Apple  Google and two other tech companies over hiring practices said an appeals court should not approve a $324.5 million settlement in the case  according to a court filing on Tuesday."
"Tech workers ask appeals court to reject Apple  Google bid " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 14 Employees suing Apple   Google and two other tech companies over hiring practices said an appeals court should not approve a $324.5 million settlement in the case  according to a court filing on Tuesday."
"UPDATE 1-Tech workers ask appeals court to reject Apple  Google bid " "(Adds Intel and Apple declined to comment  additional background)"
"UPDATE 2-Apple supplier Skyworks' profit jumps as RF chip demand rises " "(Adds details  analyst and executive comments  background; updates shares)"
"Apple looks to rev up fading tablet growth " "SEATTLE  Oct 15 Apple Inc is expected to unveil thinner and more powerful iPads on Thursday ahead of the holiday season but may struggle to arouse passion for tablets among consumers already over-supplied with hand-held  touch-screen devices."
"Intel's quarterly results underscore challenge in mobile " "SAN FRANCISCO Intel's  mobile and communications group took in a scant $1 million in revenue in the third quarter  underscoring the challenge the top chipmaker faces expanding into smartphones and tablets."
"Judge in Apple supplier's bankruptcy questions need for secrecy " "The judge overseeing the mysterious bankruptcy of an Apple Inc sapphire supplier on Wednesday voiced skepticism over requests for secrecy and compared the iPhone maker to a demanding homeowner unhappy with how a construction project turned out."
"UPDATE 1-Japan Display cuts forecast as sales of high-end Chinese smartphones disappoint " "(Adds share price  details on Apple business and background)"
"UPDATE 1-Judge in Apple supplier's bankruptcy questions need for secrecy " "Oct 15 The judge overseeing the mysterious bankruptcy of an Apple Inc sapphire supplier on Wednesday voiced skepticism over requests for secrecy and compared the iPhone maker to a demanding homeowner unhappy with how a construction project turned out."
"U.S. judge in GT Advanced bankruptcy questions need to seal documents " "Oct 15 The judge overseeing the mysterious bankruptcy of an Apple Inc sapphire supplier on Wednesday voiced skepticism over the widespread sealing of documents in the case  saying he is ""not seeing the kind of trade secrets"" that would warrant sealing."
"Apple Pay to launch on Monday  more banks signed on " "CUPERTINO  Calif.  Oct 16 Apple Inc's  new electronic payments service will launch on Monday  after the iPhone maker signed up another 500 banks to support a feature that competes with eBay Inc's PayPal and other online systems."
"Apple's new iPad Air starts at $499 " "CUPERTINO Calif. Apple Inc  said on Thursday its new iPad Air will go for $499  and the smaller iPad mini will sell for $399 and above. Pre-orders begin on Friday."
"Apple's new iPad Air starts at $499 " "CUPERTINO  Calif.  Oct 16 Apple Inc  said on Thursday its new iPad Air will go for $499  and the smaller iPad mini will sell for $399 and above. Pre-orders begin on Friday."
"Apple's new iPads sport modest upgrades but short on 'wow' " "CUPERTINO Calif. Apple Inc's  faster  slimmer iPads come with modest improvements  such as a fingerprint sensor  but some analysts say it offers few other features to wow consumers ahead of a holiday shopping season expected to be swamped by mobile devices. | Video "
"FBI director warns new phone encryption could thwart probes " "WASHINGTON U.S. FBI Director James Comey on Thursday made his strongest comments yet about encryption features built into new cell phones by Google Inc  and Apple Inc   warning they could hurt law enforcement efforts to crack homicide and child exploitation cases."
"Freezing women's eggs not risk-free or foolproof: UK fertility expert " "LONDON (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Freezing a woman's eggs is neither risk-free nor foolproof  a British fertility expert said on Thursday  after Apple and Facebook said they would contribute to the cost of the procedure for female employees."
"New Apple iPad can switch wireless carriers with a touch " "WASHINGTON Apple's   new iPad Air 2  announced on Thursday  will allow subscribers to switch wireless carriers much more easily  by swiping an icon across the screen of the device."
"New Apple iPad can switch wireless carriers with a touch " "WASHINGTON  Oct 16 Apple's  new iPad Air 2  announced on Thursday  will allow subscribers to switch wireless carriers much more easily  by swiping an icon across the screen of the device."
"UPDATE 1-U.S. FBI director warns new phone encryption could thwart probes " "WASHINGTON  Oct 16 U.S. FBI Director James Comey on Thursday made his strongest comments yet about encryption features built into new cell phones by Google Inc and Apple Inc  warning they could hurt law enforcement efforts to crack homicide and child exploitation cases."
"UPDATE 4-Apple's new iPads sport modest upgrades but short on ""wow"" " "CUPERTINO  Calif.  Oct 16 Apple Inc's  faster  slimmer iPads come with modest improvements  such as a fingerprint sensor  but some analysts say it offers few other features to wow consumers ahead of a holiday shopping season expected to be swamped by mobile devices."
"Apple  IBM to shed light on apps  alliance next month " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc  and IBM  have signed up about 50 initial corporate clients for software solutions and apps developed jointly under their recently forged strategic alliance  chief financial officer Luca Maestri told Reuters."
"Apple sells better-than-expected 39.3 mln iPhones in Sept quarter " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 20 Apple Inc posted better-than-expected revenue after its best new-iPhone launch on record  pushing sales of the smartphone to 39.27 million in the September quarter."
"Apple's iPhone sales beat Street but iPad volumes slide " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc  forecast a strong holiday quarter after a better-than-expected 16 percent jump in iPhone sales  and the strongest growth in Mac computer shipments in years helped the company surpass Wall Street's targets."
"China-backed hackers may have infiltrated Apple's iCloud: blog " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc's  iCloud storage and backup service in China was attacked by hackers trying to steal user credentials and other information  a cyber security blog charged on Monday  saying it believes the country's government is behind the campaign."
"China-backed hackers may have infiltrated Apple's iCloud -blog " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 20 Apple Inc's  iCloud storage and backup service in China was attacked by hackers trying to steal user credentials and other information  a cybersecurity blog charged on Monday  saying it believes the country's government is behind the campaign."
"UPDATE 3-Apple's iPhone sales beat Street but iPad volumes slide " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 20 Apple Inc  forecast a strong holiday quarter after a better-than-expected 16 percent jump in iPhone sales  and the strongest growth in Mac computer shipments in years helped the company surpass Wall Street's targets."
"US STOCKS-S&P  Nasdaq climb but IBM results drag Dow lower " "* Dow down 0.28 pct  S&P up 0.4 pct  Nasdaq up 0.75 pct   (Updates prices)"
"US STOCKS-S&P  Nasdaq climb but IBM results weigh on Dow " "* Dow down 0.04 pct  S&P up 0.64 pct  Nasdaq up 0.98 pct   (Updates prices)"
"US STOCKS-S&P  Nasdaq climb but IBM results weigh on Dow " "* Dow down 0.09 pct  S&P up 0.68 pct  Nasdaq up 1.07 pct   (Updates prices)"
"US STOCKS-U.S. stocks end higher despite drag from IBM " "* Dow up 0.12 pct  S&P up 0.91 pct  Nasdaq up 1.35 pct   (Adds market close  volume  Apple stock price)"
"Apple  GT strike deal to unseal info  shutter Arizona plant " "Oct 21 Apple Inc and GT Advanced Technologies Inc have struck an agreement to shutter a key Arizona factory and allow the Apple supplier to explain the circumstances leading up to its abrupt bankruptcy filing  a lawyer for GT told a court on Tuesday."
"Apple  supplier GT strike deal to unseal info  shutter Arizona plant " "Apple and GT Advanced Technologies Inc struck an agreement on Tuesday that will let GT begin the shutdown of key Arizona operations  and shed some more light on why the former stock market darling abruptly filed for bankruptcy this month."
"China-backed hackers target Apple's iCloud users: blog " "BOSTON/BEIJING Apple Inc's  iCloud storage service in China was attacked by hackers trying to steal user credentials  a Chinese web monitoring group said  adding that it believes the Beijing government is behind the campaign."
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Shares rally on U.S. tech earnings  ECB purchase plans " "* Wall Street higher on Apple  Texas Instruments results     * S&P 500 rises for fourth straight session     * European shares surge on report ECB to buy corporate bonds     * U.S. Treasury prices and euro fall   (Adds close of U.S. markets)     By Sam Forgione     NEW YORK  Oct 21 A measure of global equity markets advanced on Tuesday as technology earnings lifted U.S. shares and the prospect of European Central Bank corporate bond purchases boosted European stocks  while weighing o"
"UPDATE 2-Apple  supplier GT strike deal to unseal info  shutter Arizona plant " "Oct 21 Apple and GT Advanced Technologies Inc  struck an agreement on Tuesday that will let GT begin the shutdown of key Arizona operations  and shed some more light on why the former stock market darling abruptly filed for bankruptcy this month."
"UPDATE 4-China-backed hackers target Apple's iCloud users -blog " "BOSTON/BEIJING  Oct 21 Apple Inc's  iCloud storage service in China was attacked by hackers trying to steal user credentials  a Chinese web monitoring group said  adding that it believes the Beijing government is behind the campaign."
"US STOCKS-Wall St extends bounce-back; S&P above key levels " "* Indexes up: Dow 1.08 pct  S&P 1.69 pct  Nasdaq 2.14 pct"
"US STOCKS-Wall St extends bounce-back; S&P above key levels " "* Indexes up: Dow 1.14 pct  S&P 1.67 pct  Nasdaq 2.02 pct"
"US STOCKS-Wall St extends rebound on earnings  ECB report " "* Indexes jump: Dow 1.31 pct  S&P 1.96 pct  Nasdaq 2.4 pct"
"Wall St. extends rebound on earnings  ECB report " "NEW YORK U.S. stocks rallied on Tuesday  with the S&P 500 notching a fourth straight session of gains boosted by strong corporate results  including Apple's. | Video "
"Early Apple computer sells for $905 000 at auction " "Oct 22 One of the few remaining examples of Apple Inc's first pre-assembled computer  Apple-1  sold for $905 000 at an auction in New York on Wednesday  far outstripping expectations."
"Early Apple computer sells for $905 000 at auction " "One of the few remaining examples of Apple Inc's first pre-assembled computer  Apple-1  sold for $905 000 at an auction in New York on Wednesday  far outstripping expectations."
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Asian shares shine on U.S. tech results  ECB hopes " "* Spreadbetters predict European bourses to open on a strong note"
"India Morning Call-Global Markets " "NEW YORK - U.S. stocks rallied on Tuesday  with the S&P 500 notching a fourth straight session of gains boosted by strong corporate results  including Apple's."
"LG Display Q3 profit rises 21.8 pct on year  beats estimates " "SEOUL  Oct 22 South Korea's LG Display Co Ltd  said on Wednesday that July-September operating profit rose 21.8 percent from a year earlier  buoyed by healthy demand for television panels and the launch of new smartphones by key client Apple Inc."
"Nikkei rallies on ECB hopes; Apple-related shares soar " "By Thomas Wilson     TOKYO  Oct 22 Japanese stocks climbed more than 2 percent on Wednesday as the prospect of the European Central Bank taking further action to stimulate the faltering eurozone economy boosted investor sentiment.         The Nikkei share average rose 2.6 percent to close at 15 195.77 points  more than recouping Tuesday's losses.     Shares in Japanese suppliers to Apple Inc soared  with Foster Electric Co rising 5.4 percent and Japan Aviation Electronics Industry Lt"
"Nikkei rallies over 2 pct on ECB optimism  Apple earnings; Takata bounces " "* Apple-linked shares soar on better-than-expected earnings     * Takata recoups losses but it may take time to restore trust - analyst      By Ayai Tomisawa     TOKYO  Oct 22 Japanese stocks soared more than 2 percent on Wednesday  as the prospect of the European Central Bank taking further measures to support a faltering economy and strong gains in Apple Inc -related shares eased concerns over slowing global growth.      Air bag maker Takata Corp also bounced strongly   recouping s"
"UPDATE 1-LG Display tips strong Q4 as Q3 profit nears 2-year high " "* Q3 operating profit rises 21.8 pct y/y  beats estimates"
"UPDATE 2-Early Apple computer sells for $905 000 at auction " "Oct 22 One of the few remaining examples of Apple Inc's first pre-assembled computer  Apple-1  sold for $905 000 at an auction in New York on Wednesday  far outstripping expectations."
"Apple CEO says to add 25 stores in China within two years: Sina " "BEIJING Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook said the company is planning to open 25 retail stores in China within the next two years  according to a Chinese transcript of an interview posted by web portal Sina.com."
"Apple CEO says to add 25 stores in China within two years - Sina " "BEIJING  Oct 23 Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook said the company is planning to open 25 retail stores in China within the next two years  according to a Chinese transcript of an interview posted by web portal Sina.com."
"Apple ponders sapphire options  leaves door open for GT " "Apple Inc  said on Thursday it is studying options for sapphire supply and might work again with GT Advanced Technologies Inc  if the distressed supplier can reduce production costs for the scratch-resistant material."
"Apple says to keep evaluating distressed sapphire company GT Advanced " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 23 Apple Inc said on Thursday it would keep evaluating its former supplier GT Advanced Technologies' progress on developing sapphire production and also consider other options for its plant in Mesa  Arizona."
"GT Advanced settles with Apple  to exit sapphire production " "Oct 23 GT Advanced Technologies Inc  said it reached an agreement with Apple Inc  under which GT will exit sapphire materials production."
"Huawei says third-quarter smartphone shipments jump 26 percent  strong demand for high-end devices " "HONG KONG China's Huawei Technologies Co Ltd said third-quarter smartphone shipments jumped 26 percent year-on-year  doubling devices shipped to the high-margin premium market dominated by Samsung Electronics Co Ltd and Apple Inc."
"UPDATE 1-Apple CEO says to add 25 stores in China within two years - Sina " "BEIJING  Oct 23 Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook said the company is planning to open 25 retail stores in China within the next two years  according to a Chinese transcript of an interview posted by web portal Sina.com."
"UPDATE 1-Gemalto reaffirms long-term goals  says Apple not a threat " "* SIM card & payment security firm reasserts long-term goals"
"UPDATE 1-Huawei says Q3 smartphone shipments jump 26 pct  strong demand for high-end devices " "* Shipped about 51 mln smartphones globally so far this year"
"UPDATE 2-Apple ponders sapphire options  leaves door open for GT " "Oct 23 Apple Inc said on Thursday it is studying options for sapphire supply and might work again with GT Advanced Technologies Inc if the distressed supplier can reduce production costs for the scratch-resistant material."
"Apple CEO says had 'very open' privacy talks in China: Xinhua " "BEIJING Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook was quoted on Friday as saying he had ""very open"" talks on privacy and security with a senior Chinese official  days after a web monitoring group linked the government to a hack into Apple's iCloud service in China."
"Apple CEO says had ""very open"" privacy talks in China - Xinhua " "BEIJING  Oct 24 Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook was quoted on Friday as saying he had ""very open"" talks on privacy and security with a senior Chinese official  days after a web monitoring group linked the government to a hack into Apple's iCloud service in China."
"Hon Hai says reviewing investments after media reports on $5.7 bln China plant " "TAIPEI  Oct 24 Hon Hai Precision Industry Co Ltd  said Friday it was reviewing its investment plans after media reports said the major Apple Inc supplier may invest up to $5.7 billion in a factory to make smartphone displays in China."
"Ralph Nader urges Apple to reduce buybacks and raise wages: WSJ " "Consumer advocate Ralph Nader sent a letter to Apple Inc Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook urging the company to reduce its spending on share buybacks and use the money to raise wages  the Wall Street Journal reported on Friday."
"Ralph Nader urges Apple to reduce buybacks  improve wages - WSJ " "Oct 24 Consumer advocate Ralph Nader sent a letter to Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook urging the company to reduce its spending on share buybacks and use the money to raise wages  the Wall Street Journal reported."
"UPDATE 1-Ralph Nader urges Apple to reduce buybacks and raise wages -WSJ " "Oct 24 Consumer advocate Ralph Nader sent a letter to Apple Inc Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook urging the company to reduce its spending on share buybacks and use the money to raise wages  the Wall Street Journal reported on Friday."
"CVS Health  Rite Aid block Apple Pay in their stores: NYT " "Drug retailers CVS Health Corp  and Rite Aid Corp  have disabled Apple Inc's  new electronic payments service Apple Pay from their stores over the weekend  the New York Times reported."
"CVS Health  Rite Aid block Apple Pay in their stores - NYT " "Oct 27 Drug retailers CVS Health Corp  and Rite Aid Corp have disabled Apple Inc's new electronic payments service Apple Pay from their stores over the weekend  the New York Times reported."
"Rite Aid becomes latest retailer to shut off Apple Pay " "CHICAGO  Oct 27 U.S. drugstore chain Rite Aid Corp will ban Apple Inc's new electronic payments service in its 4 572 stores as it commits to joining a consortium of other large retailers developing a rival payments system."
"Some U.S. retailers shun Apple Pay  eye rival payments system " "CHICAGO Some large U.S. retailers are refusing to use Apple Inc's  new electronic payments service as they commit to developing a rival payments system that would bolster their profits by eliminating credit card transaction fees. | Video "
"UPDATE 1-Some U.S. retailers shun Apple Pay  eye rival payments system " "(Adds company comments  analyst comment  details  background)"
"Alibaba's Ma says open to working with Apple on payments " "LAGUNA BEACH Calif. Alibaba Group Holdings Ltd  executive chairman Jack Ma said he's open to working with Apple Inc  on mobile payments  as China's richest person prepares to call on Hollywood this week in search of media partners."
"Alibaba's Ma says open to working with Apple on payments " "LAGUNA BEACH  Calif.  Oct 27 Alibaba Group Holdings Ltd executive chairman Jack Ma said he's open to working with Apple Inc on mobile payments  as China's richest person prepares to call on Hollywood this week in search of media partners."
"Apple hops on board Obama program to wire up schools " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc plans to dole out $100 million in grants to U.S. schools as part of the Obama administration's ""ConnectED"" program  targeting those that lack access to education technology and reliable broadband Internet."
"Apple hops on board Obama program to wire up schools " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 27 Apple Inc plans to dole out $100 million in grants to U.S. schools as part of the Obama administration's ""ConnectED"" program  targeting those that lack access to education technology and reliable broadband Internet."
"GT Advanced sought to avoid costly battle with Apple: filing " "SAN FRANCISCO GT Advanced Technology Inc   which struck an agreement with erstwhile partner Apple Inc  last week that allowed it to proceed with its bankruptcy  said the iPhone maker had threatened to seek damages of more than $1 billion against the company."
"GT Advanced sought to avoid costly battle with Apple -filing " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 28 GT Advanced Technology Inc   which struck an agreement with erstwhile partner Apple Inc last week that allowed it to proceed with its bankruptcy  said the iPhone maker had threatened to seek damages of more than $1 billion against the company."
"Smartphone launches boost Gorilla glass maker Corning " "Corning Inc  the supplier of Gorilla glass to Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics  reported higher-than-expected quarterly revenue and earnings  helped by launches of new smartphone models."
"UPDATE 1-Smartphone launches boost Gorilla glass maker Corning " "Oct 28 Corning Inc  the supplier of Gorilla glass to Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics   reported higher-than-expected quarterly revenue and earnings  helped by launches of new smartphone models."
"Alibaba shares could more than double by 2017 - Morgan Creek's Yusko " "NEW YORK Shares of Chinese e-commerce site Alibaba Group  could more than double in the next three years  vaulting the company past Apple Inc  as the world's biggest publicly traded company  Mark Yusko  head of the $4 billion Morgan Creek Asset Management  said on Wednesday."
"Apple supplier Cirrus Logic forecasts strong holiday quarter " "Cirrus Logic Inc   which makes audio chips for Apple Inc   forecast much better-than-expected revenue for the current holiday quarter in anticipation of strong iPhone 6 and 6 Plus sales."
"Dow Jones asks court to deny GT Advanced  Apple's secrecy motion " "Oct 29 Dow Jones & Co Inc  publisher of the Wall Street Journal  has asked a court to deny a request by Apple Inc  and GT Advanced Technology Inc to keep under seal some documents relating to GT Advanced's bankruptcy."
"REUTERS SUMMIT-Alibaba shares could more than double by 2017 -Morgan Creek's Yusko " "NEW YORK  Oct 29 Shares of Chinese e-commerce site Alibaba Group could more than double in the next three years  vaulting the company past Apple Inc as the world's biggest publicly traded company  Mark Yusko  head of the $4 billion Morgan Creek Asset Management  said on Wednesday."
"UPDATE 1-Apple supplier Cirrus Logic forecasts strong holiday quarter " "* Shares up as much as 6.4 pct   (Adds details  share price)"
"UPDATE 1-Dow Jones asks court to deny GT Advanced  Apple's secrecy motion " "Oct 29 Dow Jones & Co Inc  publisher of the Wall Street Journal  has asked a court to deny a request by Apple Inc  and GT Advanced Technology Inc to keep under seal some documents relating to GT Advanced's bankruptcy."
"UPDATE 2-Carlyle's 3rd-qtr profit drops amid slower fund appreciation " "* Q3 distributable earnings of $159 mln vs $105 mln yr-ago"
"Wal-Mart and allies in face-off with Apple Pay over mobile payments " "CHICAGO  Oct 29 Suddenly it's Apple versus Wal-Mart in the fight for shoppers' digital wallets."
"Wal-Mart and allies in face-off with Apple Pay over mobile payments " "CHICAGO Suddenly it's Apple versus Wal-Mart in the fight for shoppers' digital wallets."
"Apple's Cook: 'I'm proud to be gay' " "Apple Inc  CEO Tim Cook on Thursday became the most prominent American corporate leader to come out as gay  saying he was trading his closely guarded privacy for the chance to help move civil rights forward."
"Apple's Cook signals front line of new gay rights battle " "In his essay coming out as gay  Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook criticized an Arizona proposal that would have given private business owners the ability to deny services to gay people on religious grounds."
"Apple's Cook signals front line of new gay rights battle " "Oct 30 In his essay coming out as gay  Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook criticized an Arizona proposal that would have given private business owners the ability to deny services to gay people on religious grounds."
"Apple's Tim Cook says ""proud to be gay"" " "Oct 30 Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook publicly came out as gay in an article he wrote in Bloomberg Businessweek."
"In glow of Apple  NXP pitches tap-to-pay technology to car makers " "SAN FRANCISCO NXP Semiconductors is taking advantage of the recent excitement around Apple Inc's new mobile payment system with the tap-to-pay technology built into the newest iPhones by pitching it to car makers."
"In glow of Apple  NXP pitches tap-to-pay technology to car makers " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 30 NXP Semiconductors  is taking advantage of the recent excitement around Apple Inc's new mobile payment system with the tap-to-pay technology built into the newest iPhones by pitching it to car makers."
"More investor activism expected  but returns likely lower -survey " "BOSTON  Oct 30 Activist investment campaigns such as the ones conducted by Carl Icahn  William Ackman and Daniel Loeb are expected to pick up in the next one to two years but returns at activist funds  are expected to be less robust than before  new data show."
"UPDATE 7-Apple's Cook: ""I'm proud to be gay"" " "* Says being gay among the greatest gifts God has given him"
"Xiaomi moves into third place in global smartphone war " "BEIJING China's Xiaomi Inc has become the world's third-largest smartphone vendor just three years after first hitting the market  trailing only Samsung Electronics Co Ltd and Apple Inc  according to a new industry study."
"Apple's Cook: 'I'm proud to be gay' " "Apple Inc  CEO Tim Cook on Thursday became the most prominent American corporate leader to come out as gay  saying he was trading his closely guarded privacy for the chance to help move civil rights forward."
"In his native Alabama  Apple CEO's announcement he is gay prompts discomfort for some " "BIRMINGHAM Ala. Apple chief Tim Cook's announcement on Thursday that he is gay and wants to help further civil rights found strong support in some quarters  but his advocacy met less enthusiasm among some people in Alabama  where he was born and raised."
"In his native Alabama  Apple CEO's announcement he is gay prompts discomfort for some " "BIRMINGHAM  Ala.  Oct 30 Apple chief Tim Cook's announcement on Thursday that he is gay and wants to help further civil rights found strong support in some quarters  but his advocacy met less enthusiasm among some people in Alabama  where he was born and raised."
"RPT-UPDATE 7-Apple's Cook: ""I'm proud to be gay"" " "* Says being gay among the greatest gifts God has given him"
"Taiwan stocks up on Wall Street  GDP data; HTC up before outlook " "TAIPEI  Oct 31 Taiwan stocks rose 0.2 percent on Friday as market sentiment was buoyed by a rally on Wall Street and better-than-expected economic growth at home  paced by gains of Apple Inc suppliers."
"Apple plans investor call ahead of a potential bond sale: WSJ " "Apple Inc  is planning an investor call on Monday ahead of a potential bond sale  the Wall Street Journal reported  citing a banker working on the deal."
"Apple plans investor call ahead of a potential bond sale - WSJ " "Nov 3 Apple Inc is planning an investor call on Monday ahead of a potential bond sale  the Wall Street Journal reported  citing a banker working on the deal."
"October world factory activity expands slowly  stimulus still needed " "LONDON/SYDNEY/NEW YORK Global manufacturing activity increased last month at the same modest pace as in September  suggesting the need for continued economic policy stimulus  especially in Europe.JPMorgan's Global Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index  produced with Markit  held steady at 52.2 in October. But it was one of the lowest readings this year  suggesting factory activity is expanding slowly."
"Original Apple computer could fetch $600 000 at December auction " "NEW YORK A fully operational Apple computer that company co-founder Steve Jobs sold out of his parents' garage in 1976 for $600 will hit the auction block in December  where it is expected to fetch more than half a million dollars  Christie's said on Monday."
"Original Apple computer could fetch $600 000 at December auction " "NEW YORK  Nov 3 A fully operational Apple computer that company co-founder Steve Jobs sold out of his parents' garage in 1976 for $600 will hit the auction block in December  where it is expected to fetch more than half a million dollars  Christie's said on Monday."
"Russian memorial to Apple founder dismantled after CEO comes out " "MOSCOW A memorial to Apple Inc founder Steve Jobs has been dismantled in the Russian city of St Petersburg after the man who succeeded him at the helm of the company  Tim Cook  came out as gay."
"Russian memorial to Apple founder dismantled after CEO comes out " "MOSCOW  Nov 3 A memorial to Apple Inc  founder Steve Jobs has been dismantled in the Russian city of St Petersburg after the man who succeeded him at the helm of the company  Tim Cook  came out as gay."
"With big album on sale  Taylor Swift pulls music from Spotify " "LOS ANGELES  Nov 3 Singer Taylor Swift  whose new album is likely to have the biggest opening week of sales in a dozen years  on Monday pulled her entire catalog from online music streaming service Spotify."
"Australia has Apple to thank for timely economic boost " "SYDNEY Australian retail sales expanded at the fastest pace in 19 months in September as consumers went on a buying frenzy for Apple's new phones  giving a sizable boost to the entire economy in the process."
"S.Korean won extends fall; shares nearly flat while automakers underperform " "* Won extends losses to fresh 7-month low in wake of BoJ stimulus     * Hyundai shares hit 4-year low  falls to 3rd in KOSPI market cap      By Joonhee Yu     SEOUL  Nov 4 The South Korean won fell for a fourth day against the dollar on Tuesday  tracking a faltering yen  as the greenback soared in the wake of a surprise decision by the Bank of Japan to further ease monetary policy.      The dollar has surged since the Japanese central bank said it would boost its already massive bond"
"UPDATE 1-Australia has Apple to thank for timely economic boost " " "
"With big album on sale  Taylor Swift pulls music from Spotify " "LOS ANGELES Singer Taylor Swift  whose new album is likely to have the biggest opening week of sales in a dozen years  on Monday pulled her entire catalog from online music streaming service Spotify. | Video "
"Palo Alto Networks discovers new malware affecting Apple devices " "Cyber security software maker Palo Alto Networks Inc  said it discovered a new family of malware affecting Apple Inc's  OS X desktop and iOS mobile operating systems."
"Palo Alto Networks discovers new malware affecting Apple devices " "Nov 5 Cyber security software maker Palo Alto Networks Inc said it discovered a new family of malware affecting Apple Inc's OS X desktop and iOS mobile operating systems."
"Apple blocks malware targeting products in China " "Nov 6 Apple Inc said it has identified and blocked malicious software applications targeting users in China."
"Apple supplier Skyworks forecasts revenue above estimates " "Radio frequency chip supplier Skyworks Solutions Inc forecast better-than-expected revenue in the current quarter  helped by increased demand from smartphone makers  particularly Apple Inc."
"Apple supplier Skyworks' revenue jumps 51 pct " "Nov 6 Radio frequency chip supplier Skyworks Solutions Inc reported a 51 percent jump in quarterly revenue  helped by high demand for smartphones such as Apple Inc's iPhones."
"Sharp says China smartphone screen shipments may exceed target " "TOKYO Japanese display maker Sharp Corp  a supplier to Apple Inc  said its shipments of screens to Chinese smartphone makers may exceed its target for the fiscal year to next March as it expands its business to new models."
"UPDATE 1-Sharp says China smartphone screen shipments may exceed target " "TOKYO  Nov 6 Japanese display maker Sharp Corp   a supplier to Apple Inc  said its shipments of screens to Chinese smartphone makers may exceed its target for the fiscal year to next March as it expands its business to new models."
"GT Advanced says fell victim to 'bait-and-switch' by Apple " "SAN FRANCISCO  Nov 7 Apple Inc pulled a ""bait and switch"" move to force GT Advanced Technologies  into a money-losing deal to supply the iPhone maker with sapphire  according to an affidavit by a senior executive at the company."
"Apple iOS bug makes devices vulnerable to attack: experts " "Researchers have warned that a bug in Apple Inc's  iOS operating system makes most iPhones and iPads vulnerable to cyber attacks by hackers seeking access to sensitive data and control of their devices."
"Exclusive: Apple's enterprise assault gets into higher gear " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc  is embarking on its most aggressive expansion yet onto corporate turf  hiring a dedicated sales force to talk with potential clients like Citigroup Inc  and working in concert with a dozen or so developers  two sources familiar with its plans say."
"Apple must face U.S. lawsuit over vanishing iPhone text messages " "Apple Inc  was ordered to face a U.S. federal lawsuit claiming it failed to tell consumers that its messaging system would block them from receiving text messages if they switched to Android-based smartphones from iPhones."
"Apple must face U.S. lawsuit over vanishing iPhone text messages " "Nov 11 Apple Inc was ordered to face a U.S. federal lawsuit claiming it failed to tell consumers that its messaging system would block them from receiving text messages if they switched to Android-based smartphones from iPhones."
"China pays big to expand its clout along the new Silk Road " "CHONGQING China China  already at the centre of world trade  plans to spend billions of dollars to revive intercontinental land routes and develop maritime links to expand commerce and give it more weight in a freight system dominated by European shipping lines."
"Ex-Apple CEO bets on Web healthcare with MDLive " "SAN FRANCISCO Former Apple Inc chief executive  John Sculley  is betting that people will increasingly turn to the Internet for confidential counseling and routine medical care."
"Ex-Apple CEO bets on Web healthcare with MDLive " "SAN FRANCISCO  Nov 11 Former Apple Inc  chief executive  John Sculley  is betting that people will increasingly turn to the Internet for confidential counseling and routine medical care."
"Market Chatter- Corporate finance press digest " "Nov 12 The following corporate finance-related stories were reported by media:"
"RPT-Market Chatter- Corporate finance press digest " "Nov 12 The following corporate finance-related stories were reported by media:"
"U.S. government warns on bug in Apple's iOS software " "Nov 13 The U.S. government warned iPhone and iPad users on Thursday to be on the alert for hackers who may exploit a vulnerability in Apple Inc's iOS operating system that would enable them to steal sensitive data."
"UPDATE 1-U.S. government warns on bug in Apple's iOS software " "Nov 13 The U.S. government warned iPhone and iPad users on Thursday to be on the alert for hackers who may exploit a vulnerability in Apple Inc's iOS operating system that would enable them to steal sensitive data."
"Little-known Taiwanese chip designer spawns low-priced smartphone boom " "TAIPEI  Nov 17 Chips from Taiwan's MediaTek Inc  were mostly passed over by the big phone brands a decade ago  with the likes of Nokia and Motorola commanding legions of in-house engineers who could advise on electronics and circuitry."
"Apple market cap could hit $1 trillion mark: Omega's Einhorn " "NEW YORK - Gains in shares of Apple Inc could take the world's largest publicly traded company to a market capitalization of perhaps as high as $1 trillion  some of the country's biggest investors said on Monday. | Video "
"Apple's China app store now open for UnionPay card payments " "BEIJING  Nov 17 Apple Inc's app store in China now accepts payments made using China's UnionPay credit and debit cards  the iPhone maker said on Monday  making purchases easier for users in Apple's second-largest app market."
"Highlights Day 1: Stock correction looming  Apple to gain " "NEW YORK Billionaire investor Carl Icahn said he was anticipating a stock market sell-off over the next five years  while Steven Einhorn  vice chairman of hedge fund Omega Advisors Inc  said the S&P 500 stock index would rise between 7 and 9 percent in 2015."
"Omega's Einhorn sees stock market rallying into 2015 " "NEW YORK Hedge fund Omega Advisors expects to see the U.S. stock market's bull run continue into next year  fueled by steady economic growth and a corporate takeover boom. | Video "
"REUTERS SUMMIT-Apple market cap could hit $1 trillion mark -Omega's Einhorn " "NEW YORK  Nov 17 - Gains in shares of Apple Inc  could take the world's largest publicly traded company to a market capitalization of perhaps as high as $1 trillion  some of the country's biggest investors said on Monday."
"REUTERS SUMMIT-Icahn expects major stocks correction in 3 to 5 years " "(For other news from the Reuters Global Investment Outlook Summit  click on http://www.reuters.com/summit/investment14)  (Adds Icahn's take on Apple)"
"REUTERS SUMMIT-Omega's Einhorn sees stock market rallying into 2015 " "(For other news from Reuters Global Investment Outlook Summit  click on http://www.reuters.com/summit/Investment14)"
"Apple to offer Beats music service in iPhone  iPad: FT " "Apple Inc will bundle the subscription music service it bought from Beats into its iOS operating system early next year  the Financial Times reported."
"Apple to offer Beats music service in iPhone  iPad - FT " "Nov 19 Apple Inc will bundle the subscription music service it bought from Beats into its iOS operating system early next year  the Financial Times reported."
"GT Advanced Tech creditors chafe at settlement deal with Apple " "Creditors of GT Advanced Technologies complained in a bankruptcy court filing that the sapphire company may have gotten too little in its proposed settlement with Apple Inc over legal claims stemming from a deal to supply sapphire screens."
"GT Advanced Tech creditors chafe at settlement deal with Apple " "Nov 19 Creditors of GT Advanced Technologies complained in a bankruptcy court filing that the sapphire company may have gotten too little in its proposed settlement with Apple Inc over legal claims stemming from a deal to supply sapphire screens."
"Infosys unit's overbilling Apple led to exit of top execs-sources " "Nov 20 Indian outsourcing major Infosys Ltd's  back-office services unit was overcharging Apple Inc   leading to the exit of top executives  two senior Infosys people said on Thursday."
"Infosys unit's overbilling Apple led to exit of top executives: sources " "Indian outsourcing major Infosys Ltd's back-office services unit was overcharging Apple Inc  leading to the exit of top executives  two senior Infosys people said on Thursday."
"UPDATE 2-Hon Hai  Innolux to invest $2.8 bln in Taiwan flat-panel plant " "* Hon Hai diversifying beyond contract assembly   (Adds comment from source and details from Innolux's statement)"
"Apple $450 million e-book settlement gets final court approval " "NEW YORK A U.S. judge on Friday gave final approval to Apple Inc's  agreement to pay $450 million to resolve claims it harmed consumers by conspiring with five publishers to raise e-book prices."
"Apple $450 million e-book settlement gets final court approval " "NEW YORK  Nov 21 A U.S. judge on Friday gave final approval to Apple Inc's agreement to pay $450 million to resolve claims it harmed consumers by conspiring with five publishers to raise e-book prices."
"BRIEF-Apple e-books settlement  worth possible $450 million  wins court approval " "Nov 21 Apple Inc :  * U.S. judge in Apple Inc e-books case says will approve company's"
"SEC director with big stock holdings stirs debate " "WASHINGTON Keith Higgins  who runs the office that reviews public companies' books at the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  reported stock holdings worth between about $2 million and $6 million last year and the sale of stocks throughout 2014  according to SEC disclosures viewed by Reuters."
"UPDATE 1-Apple $450 mln e-book settlement gets final court approval " "NEW YORK  Nov 21 A U.S. judge on Friday gave final approval to Apple Inc's agreement to pay $450 million to resolve claims it harmed consumers by conspiring with five publishers to raise e-book prices."
"Sony to cut TV  smartphone lineup; sees growth in PlayStation  image sensors " "TOKYO Japan's loss-making Sony Corp plans to slash its TV and mobile phone product line-ups to cut costs  counting on multi-billion dollar revenue surges for its buoyant PlayStation 4 and image sensor businesses over the next three years."
"UPDATE 2-Sony to cut TV  smartphone lineup; sees growth in PlayStation  image sensors " "* Targets TV  smartphone profit even if sales slide   (Recasts  adds executive and fund manager comment)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St dips on consumer data  indexes near records " "* Dow down 0.1 pct  S&P 500 down 0.2 pct  Nasdaq flat   (Updates to mid-morning trading)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St ends little changed after mixed data batch " "* Dow off 0.02 pct  S&P down 0.12 pct  Nasdaq up 0.07 pct   (Updates to market close)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St ticks up after strong GDP report " "* Indexes up: Dow 0.14 pct  S&P 0.04 pct  Nasdaq 0.17 pct   (Updates prices  changes comment  byline)"
"Apple tumbles 3 percent in one minute of trading " "NEW YORK  Dec 1 Apple Inc shares tumbled in early trading on Monday   briefly suffering their largest price drop in at least three months on an unusual spike in volume."
"Apple tumbles as much as 6 percent in unusual trading " "NEW YORK Apple Inc  shares tumbled shortly after the start of trading on Monday  briefly suffering their largest price drop in at least three months on an unusual spike in volume."
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks drop after new signs of slower growth; yen  oil rebound " "* Apple stock drop weighs on U.S. shares   (Updates with U.S. markets' closing prices)"
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks fall after new signs of slower growth; yen  oil rebound " "* Apple stock drop weighs on U.S. shares   (Updates to early afternoon U.S. trading)"
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks fall after weak global data; yen  oil recover from lows " "* Moody's cuts Japan's credit rating   (Updates with U.S. market openings; dateline previously LONDON)"
"UPDATE 3-Apple tumbles as much as 6 pct in unusual trading " "NEW YORK  Dec 1 Apple Inc shares tumbled shortly after the start of trading on Monday  briefly suffering their largest price drop in at least three months on an unusual spike in volume."
"US STOCKS-Wall St falls in broad decline; Apple stumbles " "* Indexes down: Dow 0.3 pct  S&P 0.7 pct  Nasdaq 1.3 pct   (Updates to close)"
"Apple heads to trial over digital music claims " "OAKLAND  Calif. Apple Inc will defend against allegations that it abused a monopoly position in the digital music player market as it heads to trial in a case that could cost the company about $1 billion if it loses."
"Apple heads to trial over digital music claims " "OAKLAND  Calif.  Dec 2 Apple Inc will defend against allegations that it abused a monopoly position in the digital music player market as it heads to trial in a case that could cost the company about $1 billion if it loses."
"Apple tumbles as much as six percent in unusual trading " "NEW YORK Apple Inc  shares tumbled shortly after the start of trading on Monday  briefly suffering their largest price drop in at least three months on an unusual spike in volume."
"Steve Jobs emails featured in Apple iPod U.S. antitrust trial " "OAKLAND  Calif. The late Steve Jobs  co-founder of Apple Inc   led the company to violate antitrust laws by restricting music purchases for iPod users to Apple's iTunes digital store  an attorney for consumers suing Apple said in court."
"UPDATE 2-Steve Jobs emails featured in Apple iPod U.S. antitrust trial " "(Adds Apple opening statement  details of Steve Jobs deposition)"
"Alabama anti-discrimination bill to be named after Apple's Tim Cook " "BIRMINGHAM  Ala. Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook  who made headlines in October when he publicly acknowledged being gay  is lending his name to legislation to bar discrimination against state employees on the basis of their sexual orientation in his native Alabama."
"Alabama anti-discrimination bill to be named after Apple's Tim Cook " "BIRMINGHAM  Ala.  Dec 3 An anti-discrimination bill championed by Alabama's only openly gay lawmaker will bear the name of Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook  a native of the state who came out as gay in October."
"Samsung asks appeals court to throw out $930 million damages in Apple infringement case " "WASHINGTON  Dec 4 Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  asked a U.S. appeals court on Thursday to toss out an order that it pay Apple Inc $930 million for infringing on iPhone patents to make its Galaxy line of smartphones and tablets."
"Samsung asks appeals court to throw out $930 million damages in Apple infringement case " "WASHINGTON Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  asked a U.S. appeals court on Thursday to toss out an order that it pay Apple Inc $930 million for infringing on iPhone patents to make its Galaxy line of smartphones and tablets."
"Samsung asks appeals court to throw out $930 million damages in Apple infringement case " "WASHINGTON Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  asked a U.S. appeals court on Thursday to toss out an order that it pay Apple Inc  $930 million for infringing on iPhone patents to make its Galaxy line of smartphones and tablets."
"UPDATE 1-Alabama anti-discrimination bill to be named after Apple's Tim Cook " "(Recasts  adds details on Republican majority in state legislature)"
"Chinese Internet regulator welcomed at Facebook campus " "BEIJING Lu Wei  China's top Internet regulator  may not welcome Facebook to his house  but he's certainly welcome at Facebook."
"UPDATE 1-Taiwan Nov export growth tops expectations  despite China weakness " "* Exports to China -0.3 pct y/y  to U.S. +11.4 pct     * Electronic goods market stayed 'vigorous' -  ministry      By Miaojung Lin and Michael Gold     TAIPEI  Dec 8 Taiwan's November export growth slightly topped expectations  as components for hot-selling gadgets such as the iPhone from Apple Inc boosted shipments.      Exports grew 3.7 percent from the same month of 2013  the island's Ministry of Finance said on Monday. This compared to a Reuters poll expectation for a 3.47 perce"
"PM Abe says Apple to build big R&D centre in Japan - media " "TOKYO  Dec 9 Apple Inc will build a large research and development facility in Japan  Prime Minister Abe Shinzo said on Tuesday  local media reported."
"UPDATE 1-PM Abe says Apple to build technical centre in Japan " "(Updates with confirmation from Apple that it is building a technical development centre in Japan employing dozens)"
"Morgan Stanley fined $4 million over rule lapse " "U.S. regulators on Wednesday fined Morgan Stanley $4 million for failing to enforce rules that would have prevented the unauthorized buying of Apple Inc shares by a trader at one of the bank's customer trading firms that led to the demise of that firm."
"UPDATE 1-Morgan Stanley fined $4 million over rule lapse " "(Adds comment from Morgan Stanley and the SEC  as well as background on the fraud case)"
"Canada competition watchdog investigating Apple supply deals " "TORONTO  Dec 11 Canada's Competition Bureau is investigating allegations that Apple Inc's Canadian unit used anti-competitive clauses in contracts with domestic wireless carriers  the watchdog said on Thursday."
"Canada competition watchdog probing Apple mobile carrier deals " "TORONTO Canada's Competition Bureau is investigating allegations that Apple Inc's Canadian unit used anti-competitive clauses in contracts with domestic wireless carriers  the watchdog said on Thursday."
"Original Apple computer sells for $365 000 at New York auction " "NEW YORK A fully operational Apple computer that company co-founder Steve Jobs sold out of his parents' garage in 1976 for $600 sold for $365 000 at Christie's on Thursday."
"Original Apple computer sells for $365 000 at New York auction " "NEW YORK  Dec 11 A fully operational Apple computer that company co-founder Steve Jobs sold out of his parents' garage in 1976 for $600 sold for $365 000 at Christie's on Thursday."
"United Nations backs BlackRock  State Street low carbon funds " "NEW YORK  Dec 11 The United Nations said Thursday it provided the initial funding for two new exchange-traded funds from BlackRock Inc and State Street Corp that invest in companies with low carbon emissions."
"UPDATE 1-Canada competition watchdog probing Apple mobile carrier deals " "TORONTO  Dec 11 Canada's Competition Bureau is investigating allegations that Apple Inc's Canadian unit used anti-competitive clauses in contracts with domestic wireless carriers  the watchdog said on Thursday."
"UPDATE 1-U.N. backs BlackRock  State Street low carbon funds " "NEW YORK  Dec 11 The United Nations said on Thursday it provided the initial funding for two new exchange-traded funds from BlackRock Inc and State Street Corp that invest in companies with low carbon emissions."
"Apple behavior in Canada may have raised prices: court filing " "OTTAWA  Dec 12 Canadian consumers may have ended up paying higher prices for cellphones and wireless services because of contracts between Apple Inc's Canadian unit and domestic carriers  a Canadian Competition Bureau official said in a court filing this week."
"Apple pacts in Canada may have raised prices -court filing " "OTTAWA Canadian consumers may have ended up paying higher prices for cellphones and wireless services because of contracts between Apple Inc's Canadian unit and domestic carriers  the Canadian Competition Bureau said in a court filing this week."
"Apple pacts in Canada may have raised prices: court filing " "OTTAWA/TORONTO Canadian consumers may have ended up paying higher prices for cellphones and wireless services because of contracts between Apple Inc's Canadian unit and domestic carriers  the Canadian Competition Bureau said in a court filing this week."
"CORRECTED-(OFFICIAL)-HK media tycoon Jimmy Lai arrested over democracy protest  quits tabloid " "* Nearly 250 activists released after Thursday's clearout"
"Original Apple computer sells for $365 000 at New York auction " "NEW YORK A fully operational Apple computer that company co-founder Steve Jobs sold out of his parents' garage in 1976 for $600 sold for $365 000 at Christie's on Thursday."
"UPDATE 2-Apple pacts in Canada may have raised prices - court filing " "OTTAWA/TORONTO  Dec 12 Canadian consumers may have ended up paying higher prices for cellphones and wireless services because of contracts between Apple Inc's  Canadian unit and domestic carriers  the Canadian Competition Bureau said in a court filing this week."
"Apple antitrust case over iPods nears jury deliberations " "OAKLAND  Calif. A software update for Apple Inc's iPod music player was not a product improvement  but was intended to improperly raise costs for consumers who wanted to switch to newer devices  an attorney for Apple customers said in court."
"Diverse allies rally for Microsoft in overseas data fight " "NEW YORK/SEATTLE Corporate lobbyists  news organizations and academics joined forces with Microsoft Corp on Monday in the software company's legal battle with the U.S. government over access to customer data stored overseas."
"GT Advanced Tech modifies bankruptcy deal with Apple " "GT Advanced Technologies Inc altered its settlement with former partner Apple Inc to produce more near-term cash to support its emergence from bankruptcy  a lawyer for the sapphire maker told a court on Monday."
"Tech companies support Microsoft in overseas data fight with U.S. " "SEATTLE  Dec 15 Technology companies Apple Inc   Amazon.com Inc   AT&T Inc and more than 20 others are supporting Microsoft Corp in the software company's legal battle with the U.S. government over access to customer data stored overseas."
"UPDATE 1-Apple antitrust case over iPods nears jury deliberations " "OAKLAND  Calif.  Dec 15 A software update for Apple Inc's iPod music player was not a product improvement  but was intended to improperly raise costs for consumers who wanted to switch to newer devices  an attorney for Apple customers said in court."
"UPDATE 1-Diverse allies rally for Microsoft in overseas data fight " "NEW YORK/SEATTLE  Dec 15 Corporate lobbyists  news organizations and academics joined forces with Microsoft Corp on Monday in the software company's legal battle with the U.S. government over access to customer data stored overseas."
"UPDATE 1-GT Advanced Tech modifies bankruptcy deal with Apple " "Dec 15 GT Advanced Technologies Inc  altered its settlement with former partner Apple Inc to produce more near-term cash to support its emergence from bankruptcy  a lawyer for the sapphire maker told a court on Monday."
"Apple wins digital music antitrust trial " "OAKLAND  Dec 16 Apple won an antitrust trial on Tuesday when a U.S. jury decided the company did not act improperly when it restricted music purchases for iPod users to Apple's iTunes digital store."
"Apple wins digital music U.S. antitrust trial " "OAKLAND  Calif. Apple Inc won an antitrust trial on Tuesday when a U.S. jury decided the company did not act improperly when it restricted music purchases for iPod users to Apple's iTunes digital store."
"Apple wins digital music U.S. antitrust trial " "OAKLAND  Calif. Apple Inc  won an antitrust trial on Tuesday when a U.S. jury decided the company did not act improperly when it restricted music purchases for iPod users to Apple's iTunes digital store."
"Imagination Tech sees 'significant' improvement ahead after profit fall " "LONDON Imagination Technologies  the British company that supplies graphics processing to Apple Inc  said it expected an improved second half as costly investments which weighed on the first months of the year begin to pay off."
"UPDATE 1-Imagination Tech sees ""significant"" improvement ahead after profit fall " "* H1 adjusted pretax slumps 75 pct  reflecting higher investment"
"UPDATE 2-Apple wins digital music U.S. antitrust trial " "OAKLAND  Calif.  Dec 16 Apple Inc won an antitrust trial on Tuesday when a U.S. jury decided the company did not act improperly when it restricted music purchases for iPod users to Apple's iTunes digital store."
"Canada court to order Apple to turn over records in iPhone probe " "OTTAWA  Dec 17 The Federal Court of Canada agreed on Wednesday to order Apple Inc's Canadian subsidiary to turn over documents to the Competition Bureau to help investigate whether Apple unfairly used its market power to promote the sale of iPhones."
"Canada court to order Apple to turn over records in iPhone probe " "OTTAWA The Federal Court of Canada agreed on Wednesday to order Apple Inc's Canadian subsidiary to turn over documents to the Competition Bureau to help investigate whether Apple unfairly used its market power to promote the sale of iPhones."
"CORRECTED-UPDATE 1-GT Advanced Tech modifies bankruptcy deal with Apple " "Dec 15 GT Advanced Technologies Inc  altered its settlement with former partner Apple Inc to produce more near-term cash to support its emergence from bankruptcy  a lawyer for the sapphire maker told a court on Monday."
"GT Advanced Tech modifies bankruptcy deal with Apple " "GT Advanced Technologies Inc altered its settlement with former partner Apple Inc to produce more near-term cash to support its emergence from bankruptcy  a lawyer for the sapphire maker told a court on Monday."
"GT Advanced Tech modifies bankruptcy deal with Apple " "GT Advanced Technologies Inc altered its settlement with former partner Apple Inc to produce more near-term cash to support its emergence from bankruptcy  a lawyer for the sapphire maker told a court on Monday."
"UPDATE 1-Canada court to order Apple to turn over records in iPhone probe " "OTTAWA  Dec 17 The Federal Court of Canada agreed on Wednesday to order Apple Inc's Canadian subsidiary to turn over documents to the Competition Bureau to help investigate whether Apple unfairly used its market power to promote the sale of iPhones."
"Chinese shopping ""agents"" cash in on Russian currency slide " "SHANGHAI  Dec 18 In Blagoveshchensk on Russia's side of the Chinese border  Mou Jiani has turned her home into a warehouse  stocking up on Apple Inc iPhones  handbags and milk powder to sell back home as Chinese shoppers take advantage of the rouble's slide."
"Chinese shopping 'agents' cash in on Russian currency slide " "SHANGHAI In Blagoveshchensk on Russia's side of the Chinese border  Mou Jiani has turned her home into a warehouse  stocking up on Apple Inc  iPhones  handbags and milk powder to sell back home as Chinese shoppers take advantage of the rouble's slide."
"RPT-Chinese shopping ""agents"" cash in on Russian currency slide " "SHANGHAI  Dec 18 In Blagoveshchensk on Russia's side of the Chinese border  Mou Jiani has turned her home into a warehouse  stocking up on Apple Inc iPhones  handbags and milk powder to sell back home as Chinese shoppers take advantage of the rouble's slide."
"Apple pushes first ever automated security update to Mac users " "BOSTON Apple Inc has pushed out its first-ever automated security update to Macintosh computers to help defend against newly identified bugs that security researchers have warned could enable hackers to gain remote control of machines."
"GT Advanced to sell its sapphire furnaces " "Dec 23 GT Advanced Technologies Inc  said it is pursuing the sale of its sapphire furnaces and will pay former partner  Apple Inc  a portion of the cash it gets from the sale."
"GT Advanced to sell its sapphire furnaces " "GT Advanced Technologies Inc said it is pursuing the sale of its sapphire furnaces and will pay former partner  Apple Inc  a portion of the cash it gets from the sale."
"RPX buys Apple-backed Rockstar patents for $900 million " "NEW YORK Patent risk management company RPX Corp said on Tuesday it would buy patents owned by Apple Inc and other firms for $900 million  helping to further scale back lawsuits over smartphone technology."
"RPX buys Apple-backed Rockstar patents for $900 mln " "Patent risk management company RPX Corp said on Tuesday it would buy patents owned by Apple Inc and other firms for $900 million  helping to further scale back lawsuits over smartphone technology."
"RPX Corp says buys Rockstar Consortium patent assets " "Dec 23 Patent risk management company RPX Corp  on Tuesday announced a major deal to buy out the bulk of the assets owned by patent consortium Rockstar  formed by Apple Inc and other major technology firms in 2011 following the bankruptcy of Nortel Network Corp."
"UPDATE 2-RPX buys Apple-backed Rockstar patents for $900 mln " "(Adds detail about patent valuation and comment from RPX  Microsoft)"
"Tizen TV no substitute for Samsung's long-awaited answer to Android " "SEOUL Global smartphone leader Samsung Electronics Co Ltd is planning a new product launch next year based on its own Tizen operating system  the South Korean giant's strategic push to free itself from Android and blaze its own software path."
"Apple makes 'The Interview' movie available on iTunes " "Apple Inc  said its iTunes store is now carrying Sony Corp's  ""The Interview""  the film that angered North Korea and triggered a cyberattack against the studio."
"Elder-care challenges prompt tech execs to create startups  apps " "SAN FRANCISCO  Dec 28 For years  Google Inc's  commerce chief  Stephanie Tilenius  held a demanding job and helped oversee the medical care of her parents  an experience that led her to leave the Internet search giant in 2012 and start a company to help patients combat chronic disease."
"Elder-care challenges prompt tech executives to create startups  apps " "SAN FRANCISCO For years  Google Inc's commerce chief  Stephanie Tilenius  held a demanding job and helped oversee the medical care of her parents  an experience that led her to leave the Internet search giant in 2012 and start a company to help patients combat chronic disease. "
"RPT-WALL ST WEEK AHEAD-Big questions for markets for 2015 " "(Repeats story first published Friday with no change to text)"
"UPDATE 1-Apple makes ""The Interview"" movie available on iTunes " "Dec 28 Apple Inc said its iTunes store is now carrying Sony Corp's ""The Interview""  the film that angered North Korea and triggered a cyberattack against the studio."
"For Qualcomm  China settlement may be just the beginning " "SAN FRANCISCO/BEIJING  Dec 29 The settlement of China's anti-trust probe into Qualcomm Inc is likely to intensify global scrutiny of the firm's highly profitable patent licensing business  and may even call into question its worldwide contracts with smartphone makers such as Apple and Samsung."
"For Qualcomm  China settlement may be just the beginning " "SAN FRANCISCO/BEIJING The settlement of China's anti-trust probe into Qualcomm Inc is likely to intensify global scrutiny of the firm's highly profitable patent licensing business  and may even call into question its worldwide contracts with smartphone makers such as Apple and Samsung."
"For Qualcomm  China settlement may be just the beginning " "SAN FRANCISCO/BEIJING The settlement of China's antitrust probe into Qualcomm Inc is likely to intensify global scrutiny of the firm's highly profitable patent licensing business  and may even call into question its worldwide contracts with smartphone makers such as Apple and Samsung."
"RPT-Elder-care challenges prompt tech execs to create startups  apps " "SAN FRANCISCO  Dec 28 For years  Google Inc's  commerce chief  Stephanie Tilenius  held a demanding job and helped oversee the medical care of her parents  an experience that led her to leave the Internet search giant in 2012 and start a company to help patients combat chronic disease."
"UPDATE 1-China's Xiaomi raises $1.1 bln from investors at $45 bln valuation " "BEIJING  Dec 29 China's Xiaomi Inc  one of the world's fastest-growing smartphone makers  has raised $1.1 billion in a round of funding that cements its status as one of the world's most valuable private technology companies at a valuation of $45 billion."
"UPDATE 1-Taiwan clears Xiaomi  other smartphone brands of breaching data privacy " "* Regulator clears 12 models including Xiaomi  Apple  Samsung"
"Advertisers to get a glimpse of Apple Watch promise  challenge " "LAS VEGAS  Jan 5 Apple's forthcoming smartwatch poses a conundrum for advertisers: How to tap the enticing possibilities of the tiny gadget without overwhelming consumers with messages."
"RPT-Advertisers to get a glimpse of Apple Watch promise  challenge " "(Repeats to additional subscribers with no changes to text)"
"Fundraising site Kickstarter drops Amazon for payments " "SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 6 Crowdsourced fundraising site Kickstarter has dropped Amazon.com Inc as its global payments processor in favor of  Stripe  the fast-growing startup used by Twitter Inc  Facebook Inc and Apple Inc."
"UPDATE 2-Sony CEO praises employees  partners for standing up to hackers " "* Sony set for another loss on weak smartphone sales   (Adds details on PlayStation 4 sales  new products)"
"Audio equipment maker Monster sues Beats over alleged fraud " "Audio equipment maker Monster LLC has sued Beats Electronics LLC  owned by Apple Inc   over alleged ""fraud and deceit"" in the way that Beats acquired control of the rights to the popular ""Beats by Dr. Dre"" headphones."
"Audio equipment maker Monster sues Beats over alleged fraud " "Audio equipment maker Monster LLC has sued Beats Electronics LLC  owned by Apple Inc  over alleged ""fraud and deceit"" in the way that Beats acquired control of the rights to the popular ""Beats by Dr. Dre"" headphones."
"Audio equipment maker Monster sues Beats over alleged fraud " "Jan 6 Audio equipment maker Monster LLC has sued Beats Electronics LLC  owned by Apple Inc  over alleged ""fraud and deceit"" in the way that Beats acquired control of the rights to the popular ""Beats by Dr. Dre"" headphones."
"Apple wins dismissal of lawsuit over MacBook logic boards " "Apple Inc won the dismissal on Thursday of a lawsuit accusing it of defrauding consumers by selling MacBook laptop computers that contained ""logic boards"" it knew were defective  and which routinely failed within two years."
"Apple wins dismissal of lawsuit over MacBook logic boards " "Jan 8 Apple Inc won the dismissal on Thursday of a lawsuit accusing it of defrauding consumers by selling MacBook laptop computers that contained ""logic boards"" it knew were defective  and which routinely failed within two years."
"Infosys sticks to growth targets  sends shares up 7 percent " "BENGALURU Shares in software services exporter Infosys Ltd rose almost 7 percent on Friday after it surprised investors by sticking to its full-year sales target  thanks to healthy demand that helped offset the impact of a stronger dollar."
"Disney  Sony  DreamWorks seek to throw out anti-poaching lawsuit " "Jan 12 Walt Disney Co  Sony Corp  and DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc urged a federal judge to throw out a antitrust lawsuit accusing them of conspiring not to poach each other's animators in order to keep wages down."
"Apple granted patent for GoPro-like cameras - Patently Apple " "Jan 13 Apple Inc has been granted a patent for a wearable camera that could possibly challenge action cameras made by GoPro Inc  intellectual property blog Patently Apple reported."
"Apple granted patent for GoPro-like wearable cameras " "Apple Inc has been granted a patent for a wearable camera that could possibly challenge action cameras made by GoPro Inc."
"UPDATE 2-Apple granted patent for GoPro-like wearable cameras " "Jan 13 Apple Inc has been granted a patent for a wearable camera that could possibly challenge action cameras made by GoPro Inc."
"Apple  Google reach new deal to end U.S. lawsuit over poaching " "SAN FRANCISCO Four Silicon Valley companies including Apple Inc and Google Inc have agreed to a new settlement that would resolve an antitrust class action lawsuit by tech workers  who accused the firms of conspiring to avoid poaching each other's employees."
"Apple  Google reach new deal with workers in U.S. lawsuit over hiring " "SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 13 Four tech companies including Apple Inc and Google Inc have agreed to a new settlement that would resolve an antitrust class action lawsuit over wage suppression in Silicon Valley  according to a U.S. court filing on Tuesday."
"Ericsson files complaint against Apple over mobile technology " "STOCKHOLM  Jan 14 Swedish telecom equipment supplier Ericsson on Wednesday said it has filed a complaint against Apple Inc after the iPhone maker sued Ericsson."
"Ericsson files complaint against Apple over tech licence payments " "STOCKHOLM Swedish telecom equipment supplier Ericsson said on Wednesday it filed a complaint against Apple Inc over mobile technology licence payments  responding to a lawsuit from the iPhone maker earlier this month."
"Ericsson files complaint against Apple over tech license payments " "STOCKHOLM Swedish telecom equipment supplier Ericsson said on Wednesday it filed a complaint against Apple Inc over mobile technology license payments  responding to a lawsuit from the iPhone maker earlier this month."
"NORDIC STOCKS - Factors to watch on Jan 14 " "STOCKHOLM  Jan 14 The following stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Wednesday:"
"UPDATE 2-Apple  Google reach new deal to end U.S. lawsuit over poaching " "SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 13 Four Silicon Valley companies including Apple Inc and Google Inc  have agreed to a new settlement that would resolve an antitrust class action lawsuit by tech workers  who accused the firms of conspiring to avoid poaching each other's employees."
"UPDATE 2-Ericsson files complaint against Apple over tech licence payments " "* Analysts expect 2-6 bln SEK payment annually from Apple   (Adds analyst comments  background)"
"Apple chipmaker TSMC eyes China production expansion " "TAIPEI Apple Inc chip supplier TSMC reported record net profit on Thursday and said the proliferation of low-priced  chip-hungry smartphones in China could see the company expand production in the world's biggest handset market."
"Apple  Google settle U.S. poaching lawsuit for $415 million " "SAN FRANCISCO Four Silicon Valley companies including Apple Inc and Google Inc agreed to pay $415 million to resolve an antitrust class action lawsuit by tech workers who accused the firms of conspiring to avoid poaching each other's employees  according to a court filing on Thursday."
"Apple  Google settle U.S. poaching lawsuit for $415 mln " "SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 15 Four Silicon Valley companies including Apple Inc and Google Inc  agreed to pay $415 million to resolve an antitrust class action lawsuit by tech workers who accused the firms of conspiring to avoid poaching each other's employees  according to a court filing on Thursday."
"China's Xiaomi challenges iPhone 6 Plus with new flagship Mi Note " "BEIJING  Jan 15 China's Xiaomi Inc  staked its claim to Apple Inc's crown on Thursday as the world's third-biggest smartphone maker and most valuable tech start-up unveiled the flagship Mi Note  its challenger to Apple's iPhone 6 Plus."
"Dwindling growth options push Samsung Elec to M&A " "SEOUL  Jan 15 With a bid for Blackberry Ltd   South Korean tech giant Samsung Electronics  may be signalling that it has run out of internal options to reverse its sliding profits and protect its shrinking lead in the global smartphone market."
"Dwindling growth options push Samsung Elec to M&A " "SEOUL With a bid for Blackberry Ltd  South Korean tech giant Samsung Electronics may be signalling that it has run out of internal options to reverse its sliding profits and protect its shrinking lead in the global smartphone market."
"Dwindling growth options push Samsung Electronics to M&A " "SEOUL With a bid for Blackberry Ltd  South Korean tech giant Samsung Electronics may be signaling that it has run out of internal options to reverse its sliding profits and protect its shrinking lead in the global smartphone market."
"Uniqlo tells China suppliers to improve work conditions after report " "TOKYO  Jan 15 Uniqlo-owner Fast Retailing Co Ltd  said on Thursday it has instructed two suppliers in China to improve factory working conditions after an inspection by the Japanese apparel retailer found several problems including long working hours."
"UPDATE 2-Apple chipmaker TSMC eyes China production expansion " "* Samsung chip demand bad sign for TSMC Apple orders - analysts   (Recasts  adds executive comments)"
"UPDATE 2-Uniqlo tells Chinese suppliers to improve work conditions " "TOKYO  Jan 15 Uniqlo-owner Fast Retailing Co Ltd  has told two suppliers in China to improve factory working conditions after an inspection by the Japanese apparel retailer found problems  including long working hours."
"Apple  Google settle U.S. poaching lawsuit for $415 mln " "SAN FRANCISCO Four Silicon Valley companies including Apple Inc and Google Inc agreed to pay $415 million to resolve an antitrust class action lawsuit by tech workers who accused the firms of conspiring to avoid poaching each other's employees  according to a court filing on Thursday."
"Taiwan stocks rise; Apple suppliers lead the way " "TAIPEI  Jan 20 Taiwan stocks rose 0.7 percent on Tuesday  tracking rallies in other regional bourses  paced by gains in suppliers that make components for Apple Inc's  products.      About 90 minutes into trade  the main TAIEX index  had climbed to 9 234.64  extending a 0.4 percent rise in the prior session.     Among the most actively traded by turnover  TPK Holdings  and Genius surged more than 4 percent   while overall electronics index was up 0.5 percent.     Both the companies a"
"iPhone 6 hands Apple record share of Samsung's home market " "By Se Young Lee SEOUL  Jan 21 Apple Inc is chipping away at Samsung Electronics Co Ltd's dominant position in its home turf of South Korea - thanks to its new iPhone 6 series."
"Samsung Elec to be main chip supplier for next iPhone-S.Korea paper " "SEOUL  Jan 26 South Korea's Samsung Electronics Co Ltd will be the main supplier of processors powering Apple Inc's next iPhone  Maeil Business Newspaper reported on Monday  citing unidentified sources in the semiconductor industry."
"Samsung Electronics to be main chip supplier for next iPhone: South Korea paper " "SEOUL South Korea's Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  will be the main supplier of processors powering Apple Inc's  next iPhone  Maeil Business Newspaper reported on Monday  citing unidentified sources in the semiconductor industry."
"Apple iPhone sales trample expectations as profit sets global record " "Apple Inc  quarterly results smashed Wall Street expectations with record sales of big-screen iPhones in the holiday shopping season and a 70 percent rise in China sales  powering the company to the largest profit in corporate history."
"Apple takes top spot in Chinese smartphone market - data firm " "Apple Inc  has shipped the most number of smartphones in China in the fourth quarter  overtaking Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  and homegrown companies such as Xiaomi [XTC.UL] for the first time  according to data firm Canalys."
"Apple takes top spot in Chinese smartphone market - data firm " "Jan 27 Apple Inc has shipped the most number of smartphones in China in the fourth quarter  overtaking Samsung Electronics Co Ltd and homegrown companies such as Xiaomi for the first time  according to data firm Canalys."
"Corning expects Gorilla glass to drive sales in first quarter " "Corning Inc  said it expects strong demand for its Gorilla glass  which is used by Apple Inc  and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd   to boost sales at its specialty materials business by 10 percent in the first quarter."
"Exclusive: Apple supplier Foxconn to shrink workforce as sales growth stalls " "SHENZHEN  China Taiwan's Foxconn Technology Group  the world's largest contract electronics manufacturer  will cut its massive workforce  the company told Reuters  as the Apple Inc  supplier faces declining revenue growth and rising wages in China."
"RPT-UPDATE 2-U.S. multinationals hit hard by strong dollar  to bleed further into 2015 " "* Strong dollar may cut up to $12 bln from Q4 U.S. revenue -FireApps"
"UPDATE 1-Corning expects Gorilla glass to drive sales in 1st qtr " "Jan 27 Corning Inc said it expects strong demand for its Gorilla glass  which is used by Apple Inc  and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  to boost sales at its specialty materials business by 10 percent in the first quarter."
"UPDATE 2-U.S. multinationals hit hard by strong dollar  to bleed further into 2015 " " "
"UPDATE 3-Apple iPhone sales trample expectations as profit sets global record " "Jan 27 Apple Inc quarterly results smashed Wall Street expectations with record sales of big-screen iPhones in the holiday shopping season and a 70 percent rise in China sales  powering the company to the largest profit in corporate history."
"US STOCKS-Wall St falls 1 pct on earnings; Apple rallies late " "* Indexes down: Dow 1.7 pct  S&P 1.3 pct  Nasdaq 1.9 pct   (Updates with results from Apple  AT&T and Yahoo)"
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Dollar  U.S. stocks inch higher before Fed " "* European stocks end down as Greek worries continue     * U.S. stocks climb; Apple reports strong earnings     * Dollar inches up ahead of Fed policy statement   (Updates with European stocks' close  adds details)     By Caroline Valetkevitch     NEW YORK  Jan 28 The dollar edged up against the euro on Wednesday as investor focus turned toward the Federal Reserve  which delivers a post-meeting statement later in the day  while U.S. stocks climbed after strong earnings from Apple.   "
"Renewed plunge in Greek banks hits European shares " "* Lanxess  Nordea rally after results   (Updates with closing prices  adds quite)"
"RPT-Apple takes high road in China smartphone standoff with Xiaomi " "SHANGHAI  Jan 28 Apple Inc is steering clear of Chinese rival Xiaomi Inc's low-price online strategy  ramping up store openings in China to harness its premium edge and fend off the fast-growing No.3 global smartphone maker."
"RPT-US STOCKS-Wall St ends lower after Fed statement  oil drop " "NEW YORK  Jan 28 U.S. stocks closed down on Wednesday  driven by a sharp decline in the S&P 500 energy sector  after the Federal Reserve said the domestic economy was growing at a solid pace  signaling it remains on track to raise interest rates later this year."
"U.S. bonds rally after Fed; stocks retreat " "NEW YORK U.S. bond prices rallied  with the 30-year yield hitting a record low on Wednesday as investors bet U.S. rate hikes were less likely to start soon after the Federal Reserve said inflation was running below forecasts."
"US STOCKS-Apple  Boeing keep Wall St afloat; energy weighs " "* Indexes: Dow up 0.3 pct  S&P flat  Nasdaq up 0.3 pct   (Updates to midday)"
"US STOCKS-U.S. stocks fall after Fed statement  oil drop " "* Indexes: Dow down 0.11 pct  S&P down 0.37 pct  Nasdaq flat   (Updates market  adds comment)"
"US STOCKS-U.S. stocks give up gains after Fed statement " "* Indexes: Dow down 0.1 pct  S&P down 0.38 pct  Nasdaq flat   (Updates market moves after Fed statement)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St ends lower after Fed statement  oil drop " "* Indexes down: Dow 1.13 pct  S&P 1.35 pct  Nasdaq 0.93 pct   (Updates market  dollar and oil move  adds comment)"
"Wall Street ends lower after Fed statement  oil drop " "NEW YORK U.S. stocks closed down on Wednesday  driven by a sharp decline in the S&P 500 energy sector  after the Federal Reserve said the domestic economy was growing at a solid pace  signaling it remains on track to raise interest rates later this year."
"Apple takes top gifting spot in China: report " "SHANGHAI Apple Inc has taken the number one luxury gifting spot in China from designer goods maker Hermes International SCA  according to a Hurun luxury report on Thursday  reflecting the iPhone maker's recent hot streak in the country."
"Apple takes top gifting spot in China - report " "SHANGHAI  Jan 29 Apple Inc has taken the number one luxury gifting spot in China from designer goods maker Hermes International SCA  according to a Hurun luxury report on Thursday  reflecting the iPhone maker's recent hot streak in the country."
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks ease on earnings outlook  Greece worries " "* U.S. crude weakens anew on inventory build at Cushing   (Adds close of European bond  stock markets)"
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks ease on earnings outlook  Greece worries " "* U.S. crude weakens anew on inventory build at Cushing   (Adds oil settlement prices  recasts first paragraph)"
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks gain on late U.S. rally  oil recovers " "* Strong U.S. labor data lifts Treasury yields   (Adds close of U.S. markets)"
"UPDATE 1-Precision engineer Renishaw raises full-year forecasts again " "Jan 29 Renishaw Plc  a British precision engineering company  raised its full-year revenue and profit forecast for the second time in a month after posting a 36 percent jump in first-half revenue  helped by big orders from the Asia-Pacific region."
"UPDATE 2-Broadcom's fourth-quarter results exceed expectations " "SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 29 Broadcom Corp  posted fourth-quarter results on Thursday that exceeded Wall Street's expectations as the Apple supplier increased its focus on Wi-Fi and broadband chips  sending its shares higher."
"UPDATE 3-Samsung Elec's smartphone primacy under threat from Apple after weak Q4 " "* Samsung Q4 operating profit 5.3 trln won vs 5.2 trln won guided"
"US STOCKS-Wall St finishes higher in afternoon rally as oil gains " "* Indexes up: Dow 1.31 pct  S&P 0.95 pct  Nasdaq 0.98 pct   (Adds Yellen report  Visa share move)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St finishes higher in afternoon rally as oil gains " "* Indexes up: Dow 1.31 pct  S&P 0.95 pct  Nasdaq 0.98 pct   (Updates with market moves  comments)"
"India Morning Call-Global Markets " "NEW YORK - U.S. stocks enjoyed a late afternoon rally and closed higher on Thursday as an upturn in oil prices and a rally in Apple and Boeing shares helped offset some disappointing earnings and lingering questions over U.S. monetary policy."
"Apple to invest $2 billion to convert sapphire plant to data center " "Apple Inc said it plans to invest $2 billion to convert a failed sapphire glass plant in Arizona into a data center."
"Apple to invest $2 bln to convert sapphire plant to data center " "Feb 2 Apple Inc said it plans to invest $2 billion to convert a failed sapphire glass plant in Arizona into a data command center."
"UPDATE 1-Apple to invest $2 bln to convert sapphire plant to data center " "Feb 2 Apple Inc said it plans to invest $2 billion to convert a failed sapphire glass plant in Arizona into a data center."
"ARM Holdings unveils beefed-up smartphone chip design " "SAN FRANCISCO Chip designer ARM Holdings Plc on Tuesday unveiled a new processor blueprint with improved computing performance and beefed-up graphics aimed at smartphones and tablets to be launched next year."
"UPDATE 2-Japan tech strategy shifts see Sharp skid as Panasonic prospers " "* Panasonic maintains outlook as restructuring pays off   (Recasts  adds Panasonic results)"
"Exclusive: Apple's health tech takes early lead among top hospitals " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc's  healthcare technology is spreading quickly among major U.S. hospitals  showing early promise as a way for  doctors to monitor patients remotely and lower costs."
"Five charged in ID theft ring that bought Apple gift cards " "NEW YORK  Feb 5 Five people accused of running an identity theft ring in the New York City area have been charged in a 394-count indictment with stealing personal information from hundreds of dental patients to buy Apple  gift cards."
"Five charged in ID theft ring that bought Apple gift cards " "NEW YORK Five people accused of running an identity theft ring in the New York City area have been charged in a 394-count indictment with stealing personal information from hundreds of dental patients to buy Apple gift cards."
"UPDATE 1-Five charged in ID theft ring that bought Apple gift cards " "NEW YORK  Feb 5 Five people accused of running an identity theft ring in the New York City area have been charged in a 394-count indictment with stealing personal information from hundreds of dental patients to buy Apple  gift cards."
"Taiwan stocks fall; Apple suppliers  TransAsia down " "TAIPEI  Feb 6 Taiwan stocks fell 0.55 percent on Friday  weighed by losses in Apple Inc's suppliers such as Largan Precision.     The main TAIEX index dipped to 9 464.08 as of 0217 GMT.     Largan  a camera phone module supplier of Apple and some other smartphone makers  dropped nearly 5 percent. Touch panel supplier TPK Holdings was off 2 percent.     TransAsia Airway lost 3.4 percent  extending its fall in the last two sessions since its Flight GE235 plunged into a river in downtow"
"Enter the iSwissie " "LONDON  Feb 9 (IFR) - Having previously tapped the dollar and euro markets for considerable size  Apple is now preparing its debut Swiss franc bond."
"Apple investing $850 million in California solar farm " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook said on Tuesday the technology company is investing $850 million to help build a solar farm in California with solar panel maker First Solar."
"Apple investing $850 million in California solar farm " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 10 Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook said on Tuesday the technology company is investing $850 million to build a solar farm in California with solar panel maker First Solar."
"Apple soft-sounds short 10-year and 15-year Swiss Franc bonds " "LONDON  Feb 10 (IFR) - Apple is doing a feasibility check with Swiss franc investors for a short 10-year bond at 25 to 30bp over mid-swaps and a 15-year bond at 35 to 40bp over mid-swaps."
"BRIEF-Apple CEO cook says investing $850 million to build solar farm in Monterey " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 10 Apple Inc :  * CEO cook says company has $50 billion of revenue in emerging markets  * Apple's cook says investing $850 million to build solar farm in Monterey"
"CORRECTED-Apple sets initial price thoughts on Swiss franc bonds " "LONDON  Feb 10 (IFR) - Apple has set initial price thoughts on its new short 10-year and 15-year Swiss franc bonds."
"New Issue- Apple prices a dual tranche deal " "where assigned  and hit the newskey (F9 on Reuters terminals)"
"REFILE-US STOCKS-Wall St rises on Greek deal hopes even as energy drops " "NEW YORK  Feb 10 U.S. stocks rose on Tuesday on hopes that Greek debt negotiations could result in a deal that stabilizes Europe although a drop in oil prices limited the advance."
"UPDATE 2-Apple investing $850 million in California solar farm " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 10 Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook said on Tuesday the technology company is investing $850 million to help build a solar farm in California with solar panel maker First Solar."
"US STOCKS-Wall St rises on Greek deal hopes; Apple hits record " "* Indexes up: Dow 0.79 pct  S&P 1.07 pct  Nasdaq 1.3 pct   (Updates to the close of trading)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St rises on Greek deal hopes even as energy drops " "* Indexes up: Dow 0.43 pct  S&P 0.63 pct  Nasdaq 0.93 pct   (Adds data  updates to late morning)"
"Icahn values Apple at more than $1 trillion " "Activist investor and major Apple Inc shareholder Carl Icahn said the iPhone maker's stock should be trading at $216  far above its record high of $124.92 hit on Wednesday."
"Icahn values Apple at more than $1 trillion " "Feb 11 Activist investor Carl Icahn said Apple Inc's stock should be trading at $216  far above its record high of $124.92 hit on Wednesday."
"UPDATE 1-Icahn values Apple at more than $1 trillion " "Feb 11 Activist investor and major Apple Inc  shareholder Carl Icahn said the iPhone maker's stock should be trading at $216  far above its record high of $124.92 hit on Wednesday."
"US STOCKS-Futures little changed ahead of Greek debt talks " "NEW YORK  Feb 11 U.S. stock index futures were little changed on Wednesday  after the S&P 500 climbed to its highest level of the year and ahead of a meeting of euro zone finance ministers to discuss plans for Greece's debt."
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall St ends near flat; Apple gains late " "NEW YORK  Feb 11 U.S. stocks closed flat on Wednesday as concern about Greece and Ukraine was offset by gains in shares of Apple."
"US STOCKS-U.S. stock futures rise on Greek agreement after S&P ends flat " "* Indexes: Dow off 0.04 pct  S&P flat  Nasdaq up 0.28 pct   (Updates with Greek news  late markets moves)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St ends flat while investors await Greece  Ukraine news " "* Indexes: Dow off 0.04 pct  S&P flat  Nasdaq up 0.28 pct   (Updates to late afternoon  adds commentary)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St flat before Greek deal talks; Apple lifts Nasdaq " "* Indexes: Dow off 0.23 pct  S&P off 0.01 pct  Nasdaq up 0.39 pct   (Updates to late morning  updates earnings data)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St little changed ahead of Greek deal talks " "* Indexes off: Dow off 0.28 pct  S&P 0.07 pct  Nasdaq up 0.21 pct   (Updates to market open)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St set for flat open; Greek deal talks on tap " "* Futures: Dow down 30 pts  S&P off 1.5 pts  Nasdaq up 2 pts   (Adds quote  updates prices)"
"Apple deal  tax change could spark corporate solar stampede " "Apple Inc's deal to buy nearly $1 billion of power from a massive First Solar Inc plant could be the first of a stampede of contracts driven by the looming change in a solar tax incentive that makes such projects particularly attractive."
"Apple's inability to monitor standards lets Pegatron pay low wages  NGO says " "* Suppliers 92 pct complaint with 60-hour workweek in 2014 - Apple"
"Apple's inability to monitor standards lets Pegatron pay low wages  NGO says " "TAIPEI A labor rights group said Apple Inc is unable to effectively monitor standards along some of its supply chain  allowing companies such as Taiwanese assembler Pegatron Corp to keep base wages below local living expenses."
"China's Xiaomi to start small in U.S.  with earphones and bands " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 12 Xiaomi  China's largest smartphone company  will begin selling headphones  smart wristbands and other accessories online in the United States in coming months  taking its first tentative step onto Apple Inc's  home turf without its signature Mi mobile devices."
"China's Xiaomi to start small in U.S.  with earphones and bands " "SAN FRANCISCO Xiaomi [XTC.UL]  China's largest smartphone company  will begin selling headphones  smart wristbands and other accessories online in the United States in coming months  taking its first tentative step onto Apple Inc's home turf without its signature Mi mobile devices."
"Japan Display profit jumps on screen sales to Apple  China smartphone makers " "TOKYO Screen supplier Japan Display reported a stronger-than-expected rise in quarterly profit amid higher demand from Apple Inc and Chinese smartphone makers  in stark contrast with peer Sharp Corp's shrinking panel business."
"Tesla years away from its goal of reaching Apple's market cap " "NEW YORK  Feb 12 How far does electric car maker Tesla Motors Inc have to go to reach its goal of matching Apple Inc's current market value? It would take 26 years  based on rough calculations by Reuters  unless it starts selling a lot more cars."
"Tesla years away from its goal of reaching Apple's market cap " "NEW YORK How far does electric car maker Tesla Motors Inc  have to go to reach its goal of matching Apple Inc's  current market value? It would take 26 years  based on rough calculations by Reuters  unless it starts selling a lot more cars. | Video "
"UPDATE 1-Japan Display profit jumps on screen sales to Apple  China smartphone makers " "TOKYO  Feb 12 Screen supplier Japan Display  reported a stronger-than-expected rise in quarterly profit amid higher demand from Apple Inc and Chinese smartphone makers  in stark contrast with peer Sharp Corp's  shrinking panel business."
"UPDATE 2-Tesla CEO Musk says market value could rival Apple by 2025 " "DETROIT  Feb 11 Tesla Motors Inc missed fourth-quarter sales targets and analysts' profit expectations  but Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk on Wednesday said by 2025 Tesla's growth trajectory could take its market value to $700 billion  matching that of Apple Inc."
"Apple $1 trillion stock market value could be years away " "SAN FRANCISCO Activist Investor Carl Icahn thinks Apple Inc is already worth over $1 trillion but others on Wall St. think it will take a few more years for the iPhone maker's stock value to get there."
"Apple $1 trillion stock market value could be years away " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 12 Activist Investor Carl Icahn thinks Apple Inc is already worth over $1 trillion but others on Wall St. think it will take a few more years for the iPhone maker's stock value to get there."
"China's Xiaomi to start small in U.S.  with earphones and bands " "SAN FRANCISCO Xiaomi [XTC.UL]  China's largest smartphone company  will begin selling headphones  smart wristbands and other accessories online in the United States in coming months  taking its first tentative step onto Apple Inc's home turf without its signature Mi mobile devices. | Video "
"REFILE-UPDATE 2-Apple hiring auto experts for secret research project-FT " "Feb 13 Apple Inc is hiring automotive technology and design experts to staff up a top-secret research lab  with the possible intention of building a car  the Financial Times reported on Friday  citing several people familiar with the iPhone maker."
"RPT-Apple $1 trillion stock market value could be years away " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 12 Activist Investor Carl Icahn thinks Apple Inc is already worth over $1 trillion but others on Wall St. think it will take a few more years for the iPhone maker's stock value to get there."
"UPDATE 2-Greenlight Capital scales back on Apple shares ahead of rally " "NEW YORK Feb 13 Hedge fund Greenlight Capital  run by David Einhorn  cut its stake in Apple Inc by 6.2 percent to 8.6 million shares during the fourth quarter  ahead of the iPhone maker's strong rally this year  according to a regulatory filing on Friday."
"Apple learning to make self-driving car -auto industry source " "FRANKFURT  Feb 14 Technology giant Apple  is learning how to make a self-driving electric car and is talking to experts at carmakers and automotive suppliers  an automotive source familiar with the talks said on Saturday."
"Apple studies self-driving car  auto industry source says " "FRANKFURT/SAN FRANCISCO Technology giant Apple  is looking beyond mobile devices to learn how to make a self-driving electric car  and is talking to experts at carmakers and automotive suppliers  a senior auto industry source familiar with the discussions said on Saturday."
"UPDATE 1-Apple studies self-driving car  auto industry source says " "* Apple gathering advice on electric and connected-car technology"
"UPDATE 2-Apple is working on creating a car -WSJ " "Feb 13 Apple Inc has a secret lab working on the creation of an Apple-branded electric car  the Wall Street Journal reported on Friday  citing people familiar with the matter."
"Apple orders 5-6 million watches: WSJ " "Apple Inc  has asked its Asian suppliers to make 5-6 million units of its three Apple Watch models for the first-quarter  the Wall Street Journal reported  citing people familiar with the matter. | Video "
"Apple orders 5-6 million Watches - WSJ " "Feb 17 Apple Inc has asked its Asian suppliers to make 5-6 million units of its three Apple Watch models for the first-quarter  the Wall Street Journal reported  citing people familiar with the matter."
"Bosch CEO: Tech industry interlopers force car industry to react " "BERLIN  Feb 17 The auto industry is stepping up efforts to introduce highly automated cars as software makers Google and perhaps even Apple forge plans to build a vehicle  the chief executive of Bosch said on Tuesday."
"Bosch CEO: Tech industry interlopers force car industry to react " "BERLIN The auto industry is stepping up efforts to introduce highly automated cars as software makers Google and perhaps even Apple forge plans to build a vehicle  the chief executive of Bosch [ROBG.UL] said on Tuesday."
"CORRECTED-HIGHLIGHTS-Top U.S. hedge funds scale back on Apple ahead of all-time high " "NEW YORK  Feb 17 Top U.S. hedge fund management firms  including David Einhorn's Greenlight Capital and Philippe Laffont's Coatue Management  cut their stakes in Apple Inc  during the fourth quarter  ahead of the iPhone maker's strong rally this year  according to regulatory filings."
"HIGHLIGHTS-Top U.S. hedge funds cut Apple stakes ahead of all-time high " "NEW YORK  Feb 17 Top U.S. hedge fund management firms  including David Einhorn's Greenlight Capital and Philippe Laffont's Coatue Management  reduced their stakes in Apple Inc  during the fourth quarter  ahead of the iPhone maker's strong rally in 2015  according to regulatory filings."
"HIGHLIGHTS-Top U.S. hedge funds cut Apple stakes ahead of all-time high " "NEW YORK  Feb 17 Top U.S. hedge fund management firms  including David Einhorn's Greenlight Capital and Philippe Laffont's Coatue Management  reduced their stakes in Apple Inc  during the fourth quarter  ahead of the iPhone maker's strong rally in 2015  according to regulatory filings."
"UPDATE 1-Apple orders 5-6 million watches - WSJ " "Feb 17 Apple Inc has asked its Asian suppliers to make 5-6 million units of its three Apple Watch models for the first-quarter  the Wall Street Journal reported  citing people familiar with the matter."
"CORRECTED-HIGHLIGHTS-Top U.S. hedge funds cut Apple stakes ahead of all-time high " "NEW YORK  Feb 17 Top U.S. hedge fund management firms  including David Einhorn's Greenlight Capital and Philippe Laffont's Coatue Management  reduced their stakes in Apple Inc  during the fourth quarter  ahead of the iPhone maker's strong rally in 2015  according to regulatory filings."
"Samsung to buy mobile payment service provider LoopPay " "Feb 18 Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  said it would buy mobile wallet provider LoopPay as it tries to gain a share in the mobile payments market  which its archrival Apple Inc recently entered with Apple Pay."
"Soros bet on Devon Energy  Transocean ahead of oil price rise " "NEW YORK  Feb 17 Soros Fund Management LLC took new positions in the energy sector in the fourth quarter  including stakes in Devon Energy Corp and Transocean Ltd   a regulatory filing showed Tuesday."
"Soros bet on Devon Energy  Transocean ahead of oil price rise " "NEW YORK Soros Fund Management LLC took new positions in the energy sector in the fourth quarter  including stakes in Devon Energy Corp and Transocean Ltd  a regulatory filing showed Tuesday."
"Top U.S. hedge funds cut Apple stakes ahead of all-time high " "NEW YORK Top U.S. hedge fund management firms  including David Einhorn's Greenlight Capital and Philippe Laffont's Coatue Management  reduced their stakes in Apple Inc during the fourth quarter  ahead of the iPhone maker's strong rally in 2015  according to regulatory filings."
"Apple poaching auto engineers to build battery division -lawsuit " "SAN FRANCISCO Electric-car battery maker A123 Systems has sued Apple Inc for poaching top engineers to build a large-scale battery division  according to a court filing that offered further evidence that the iPhone maker may be developing a car."
"Apple poaching auto engineers to build battery division: lawsuit " "SAN FRANCISCO Electric-car battery maker A123 Systems has sued Apple Inc for poaching top engineers to build a large-scale battery division  according to a court filing that offered further evidence that the iPhone maker may be developing a car. | Video "
"Apple poaching auto engineers to build battery division -lawsuit " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 18 Electric-car battery maker A123 Systems has sued Apple Inc for poaching top engineers to build a large-scale battery division  according to a court filing that offered further evidence that the iPhone maker may be developing a car."
"BRIEF-Japan Display considering building new plant -Nikkan Kogyo " "* Considering building new plant in Ishikawa  central Japan - Japan's Nikkan Kogyo newspaper"
"UPDATE 1-Samsung buys startup LoopPay  moves toward mobile payments " "Feb 18 Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  has bought U.S. mobile wallet startup LoopPay  signalling its intention to launch a smartphone payments service to compete with a recent offering from rival Apple Inc."
"UPDATE 3-Apple poaching auto engineers to build battery division -lawsuit " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 18 Electric-car battery maker A123 Systems has sued Apple Inc for poaching top engineers to build a large-scale battery division  according to a court filing that offered further evidence that the iPhone maker may be developing a car."
"Apple hiring big brains in car battery space " "SAN FRANCISCO A year and a half ago  Apple Inc  had applied for just eight patents related to auto batteries. Recently  it has hired a bevy of engineers  just one of whom had already filed for 17 in his former career  according to a Thomson Reuters analysis."
"Apple hiring big brains in car battery space " "SAN FRANCISCO A year and a half ago  Apple Inc  had applied for just eight patents related to auto batteries. Recently  it has hired a bevy of engineers  just one of whom had already filed for 17 in his former career  according to a Thomson Reuters analysis."
"Apple hiring big brains in car battery space " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 20 A year and a half ago  Apple Inc had applied for just eight patents related to auto batteries. Recently  it has hired a bevy of engineers  just one of whom had already filed for 17 in his former career  according to a Thomson Reuters analysis."
"Japan Display in talks with Apple to build $1.7 bln plant-Nikkan Kogyo " "TOKYO  Feb 20 Japan Display Inc is considering building a new plant to supply smartphone screens for Apple Inc  which may shoulder much of the 200 billion yen ($1.68 billion) investment  Japan's Nikkan Kogyo newspaper said on Friday."
"Japan Display in talks with Apple to build iPhone screen plant: source " "TOKYO Japan Display Inc  is considering building a plant to supply smartphone screens for Apple Inc  and is negotiating with the U.S. company for investment in the project  a person familiar with the situation said on Friday."
"UPDATE 1-Market Chatter-Corporate finance press digest " "Feb 20 The following corporate finance-related stories were reported by media:"
"UPDATE 2-Japan Display in talks with Apple to build iPhone screen plant -source " "TOKYO  Feb 20 Japan Display Inc is considering building a plant to supply smartphone screens for Apple Inc and is negotiating with the U.S. company for investment in the project  a person familiar with the situation said on Friday."
"Apple to spend 1.7 billion euros on new European data centers " "Feb 23 Apple Inc said it would spend 1.7 billion euros ($1.9 billion) to build two data centers in Europe that would be  entirely powered by renewable energy."
"Apple to spend $1.9 billion on new European data centers " "Apple Inc said it would spend 1.7 billion euros ($1.9 billion) to build two data centers in Europe that would be  entirely powered by renewable energy and create hundreds of jobs."
"Google partners with wireless carriers to push Wallet service " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 23 Google Inc   has partnered with several large U.S. wireless carriers to pre-install its electronic payment service on phones  as the companies seek to counter Apple Inc's recent entry into the nascent market for mobile payments."
"Google partners with wireless carriers to push Wallet service " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc has partnered with several large U.S. wireless carriers to pre-install its electronic payment service on phones  as the companies seek to counter Apple Inc's recent entry into the nascent market for mobile payments."
"PRESS DIGEST- British Business - Feb 23 " "The following are the top stories on the business pages of British newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy."
"UPDATE 1-Apple to spend 1.7 billion euros on new European data centres " "Feb 23 Apple Inc said it would spend 1.7 billion euros ($1.9 billion) to build two data centres in Europe that would be  entirely powered by renewable energy and create hundreds of jobs."
"US STOCKS-Nasdaq ends up 9th session; S&P 500  Dow dip with energy " "* Dow down 0.1 pct  S&P down 0.03 pct  Nasdaq up 0.1 pct   (Updates to close)"
"India Morning Call-Global Markets " "NEW YORK - The Nasdaq ended higher on Monday for a ninth straight day following gains in Apple.O  while the Dow and S&P 500 eased off recent record highs as lower oil prices dragged down energy shares."
"Taiwan stocks rise after long Lunar New Year holiday " "TAIPEI  Feb 24 Taiwan stocks rose 1 percent on Tuesday  the first day of trading after a long Lunar New Year holiday  led by tech and Apple Inc suppliers.     The main TAIEX index rose 96.61 points to 9626.12 as of 0219 GMT  after closing up 0.35 percent in the previous session.     Markets had been closed since Feb. 13.     The electronics subindex notched a 1.21 percent gain  with semiconductors and electrical components  both showing strength  rising 1.56 and 1.39 percent  respect"
"UPDATE 2-Visa Europe plans new security that could pave way for Apple Pay " "* Plans money transfer among Visa users via social networks   (adds details on social media money transfer service; Apple Pay)"
"Visa Europe plans credit card-cloaking that could pave way for Apple Pay " "FRANKFURT  Feb 24 Visa Europe said on Tuesday it would offer a secure way for consumers to pay retailers with their smartphones while concealing credit card details  a move that could set the stage for Apple's Apple Pay and rival payment services to be introduced into Europe in coming months."
"Visa Europe plans new security that could pave way for Apple Pay " "FRANKFURT Visa Europe has announced a new  more secure way for consumers to pay retailers via smartphones  a move that could set the stage for Apple's  Apple Pay and rival mobile payment services to be introduced into Europe in the coming months."
"Apple ordered to pay $533 million for patent infringement " "NEW YORK Apple Inc has been ordered to pay $532.9 million after a federal jury in Texas found that its iTunes software infringed three patents owned by patent licensing firm Smartflash LLC. | Video "
"Apple ordered to pay $533 mln for patent infringement " "NEW YORK Apple Inc has been ordered to pay $532.9 million after a federal jury in Texas found that its iTunes software infringed three patents owned by patent licensing firm Smartflash LLC."
"GLOBAL MARKETS-S&P 500 lags global markets as Yellen ends two-day testimony " "NEW YORK  Feb 25 Wall Street lagged a rise in global markets on Wednesday  with the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq closing slightly lower even as energy shares gained along with a surge in oil prices."
"REFILE-Apple ordered to pay $533 mln for patent infringement " "NEW YORK  Feb 25 Apple Inc has been ordered to pay $532.9 million after a federal jury found its iTunes software infringed three patents owned by Texas-based patent licensing company Smartflash LLC."
"REFILE-US STOCKS-S&P  Nasdaq edge down with Apple; Dow ends at record high " "* Indexes: Dow up 0.1 pct  S&P down 0.1 pct  Nasdaq down 0.02 pct"
"UPDATE 2-Apple ordered to pay $533 mln for patent infringement " "NEW YORK  Feb 25 Apple Inc has been ordered to pay $532.9 million after a federal jury in Texas found that its iTunes software infringed three patents owned by patent licensing firm Smartflash LLC."
"US STOCKS-S&P  Nasdaq edge down with Apple; Dow flat " "* Indexes: Dow up 0.04 pct  S&P down 0.1 pct  Nasdaq down 0.1 pct   (Updates to afternoon trading)"
"Apple faces second suit from victorious patent firm " "Feb 26 Fresh off a $532.9 million jury win against Apple Inc  a Texas company is again suing the tech giant  this time over the same patents' use in devices introduced after the original case was underway."
"Apple faces second suit from victorious patent firm " "Fresh off a $532.9 million jury win against Apple Inc  a Texas company is again suing the tech giant  this time over the same patents' use in devices introduced after the original case was underway."
"Apple to hold event on March 9  as Watch launch nears " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc  sent out invitations for a media event in San Francisco on March 9  about one month before the much-anticipated launch of the new Apple Watch."
"Apple to hold event on March 9  as Watch launch nears " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 26 Apple Inc sent out invitations for a media event in San Francisco on March 9  about one month before the much-anticipated launch of the new Apple Watch."
"India Morning Call-Global Markets " "NEW YORK - The S&P 500 closed down and the Nasdaq snapped a 10-session winning streak on Wednesday as investors took profits in Apple shares  while the Dow eked out another record high close."
"Cook says Apple Watch might replace the need for car keys - Telegraph " "Apple Inc's latest product  the Apple Watch  might replace the need for car keys  Chief Executive Tim Cook told the Telegraph in an interview."
"Cook says Apple Watch might replace the need for car keys-Telegraph " "Feb 27 Apple Inc's latest product  the Apple Watch  might replace the need for car keys  Chief Executive Tim Cook told the Telegraph in an interview."
"Cook says Apple Watch will replace car keys: Telegraph " "Apple Watch will replace your car keys and its battery will last the whole day  Apple Inc's Chief Executive Tim Cook told the Telegraph in an interview."
"CORRECTED-Icahn posts loss as fund hit in 2014 by oil plunge " "Feb 27 Billionaire Carl Icahn's publicly traded investment fund posted a loss in 2014  undone by plummeting oil prices  the company said in a regulatory filing on Friday."
"Ericsson sues Apple for telecom patent infringement " "STOCKHOLM  Feb 27 Swedish mobile telecom gear maker Ericsson is suing Apple Inc for patent infringement  Ericsson said on Friday."
"Ericsson sues Apple for telecom patent infringement " "STOCKHOLM Swedish mobile telecom gear maker Ericsson is suing Apple Inc for patent infringement after Apple refused Ericsson's offer to have a court determine fair licensing terms  Ericsson said on Friday."
"Ericsson sues Apple for telecom patent infringement " "STOCKHOLM Swedish mobile telecom gear maker Ericsson is suing Apple Inc for patent infringement  Ericsson said on Friday."
"UPDATE 1-Cook says Apple Watch will replace car keys - Telegraph " "Feb 27 Apple Watch will replace your car keys and its battery will last the whole day  Apple Inc's  Chief Executive Tim Cook told the Telegraph in an interview."
"UPDATE 1-Ericsson sues Apple for telecom patent infringement " "STOCKHOLM  Feb 27 Swedish mobile telecom gear maker Ericsson is suing Apple Inc for patent infringement after Apple refused Ericsson's offer to have a court determine fair licensing terms  Ericsson said on Friday."
"Apple car rumors fuel Geneva debate about car of future " "GENEVA The main talking point at this week's Geneva car show is likely to be a vehicle that may never be built: the Apple car."
"Samsung unveils sleek new Galaxy phones to take on Apple " "SEOUL/BARCELONA  March 1 Samsung Electronics Co Ltd unveiled its latest Galaxy S smartphones featuring a slim body made from aircraft-grade metal  in a bid to reclaim its throne as undisputed global smartphone leader from Apple Inc."
"Samsung unveils sleek new Galaxy phones to take on Apple " "SEOUL/BARCELONA Samsung Electronics Co Ltd unveiled its latest Galaxy S smartphones featuring a slim body made from aircraft-grade metal  in a bid to reclaim the throne of undisputed global smartphone leader from Apple Inc."
"UPDATE 1-Samsung unveils sleek new Galaxy phones to take on Apple " "* Key launch in fight to stay No.1 vs Apple   (Adds CEO comment  analysts' comment  details from event)"
"Apple  Google poaching settlement appears headed for approval " "SAN FRANCISCO A U.S. judge on Monday seemed satisfied with a proposed $415 million settlement that would end a lawsuit in which tech workers accused Apple Inc  Google Inc and two other Silicon Valley companies of conspiring to hold down salaries."
"Apple  Google poaching settlement appears headed for approval " "SAN FRANCISCO A U.S. judge on Monday seemed satisfied with a proposed $415 million settlement that would end a lawsuit in which tech workers accused Apple Inc  Google Inc and two other Silicon Valley companies of conspiring to hold down salaries."
"Apple  Google workers head to court on $415 mln poaching settlement " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 2 Workers accusing Apple   Google and two other Silicon Valley companies of conspiring to hold down salaries will try on Monday to win approval of a $415 million settlement from a U.S. judge who rejected an earlier deal as too low."
"AT&T to hook up its automated home and connected car services " "NEW YORK AT&T Inc  will link its connected car and smart home technologies to bolster its foothold in the fast-growing market for Internet-connected devices  a new battleground for the company and rivals ranging from Verizon  to Google Inc ."
"Deutsche Bank bets big on U.S. for investment bank growth " "NEW YORK From its tower on Wall Street  Deutsche Bank  enjoys a commanding view of lower Manhattan. Its target is to gain a presence in investment banking which is nearly as dominant."
"INSIGHT-What would the Dow look like if it included Apple? " "NEW YORK  March 2 It may be by far the most valuable American company but Apple Inc still can't get into at least one exclusive club - the 30-member Dow Jones Industrial Average."
"Samsung unveils sleek new Galaxy phones to battle Apple " "SEOUL/BARCELONA South Korea's Samsung Electronics Co Ltd unveiled its latest Galaxy S smartphones  featuring a slim body made from aircraft-grade metal  in a bid to reclaim the throne of undisputed global smartphone leader from Apple Inc. | Video "
"UPDATE 1-Apple  Google poaching settlement appears headed for approval " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 2 A U.S. judge on Monday seemed satisfied with a proposed $415 million settlement that would end a lawsuit in which tech workers accused Apple Inc   Google Inc and two other Silicon Valley companies of conspiring to hold down salaries."
"UPDATE 3-Samsung unveils sleek new Galaxy phones to battle Apple " "* Key launch in fight to stay No.1 vs Apple   (Updates with Samsung's closing share price  graphic link)"
"What would the Dow look like if it included Apple? " "NEW YORK It may be by far the most valuable American company but Apple Inc still can’t get into at least one exclusive club – the 30-member Dow Jones Industrial Average."
"Apple edges out Samsung in global smartphone sales: Gartner " "Apple Inc  sold the most number of smartphones globally in the fourth quarter  overtaking Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  for the first time since 2011  according to research firm Gartner."
"Apple plans fix next week for newly uncovered Freak security bug " "BOSTON  March 3 An Apple Inc spokesman said on Tuesday that the company plans to release a fix next week to mitigate the newly uncovered 'Freak' security flaw affecting Safari browsers on its iOS and OS X operating systems."
"CORRECTED-Apple edges out Samsung in global smartphone sales-Gartner " "March 3 Apple Inc sold the most number of smartphones globally in the fourth quarter  overtaking Samsung Electronics Co Ltd for the first time since 2011  according to research firm Gartner."
"DIARY-U.S. MEETINGS/WEEK AHEAD " "Thomson Reuters March 03  2015 - Corporate Meetings for US companies for Week ahead.         S&P 500 Earnings - MONTH AHEAD     Dividends                            Non S&P 500 - Weekly             Federal Reserve events               ConferenceCall/Webcast - Weekly  Meetings - Weekly                                Xtra users can see more details on conference calls & webcasts by hovering your mouse  over the RIC  right click  now click on Related Co Data  now click on Co Events.                "
"UPDATE 1-BMW CEO sees challenges mounting for successor " "* BMW group sales up 7 pct in Feb. - CEO   (Releads on challenges for incoming CEO  adds comments from CEO and a management board member)"
"UPDATE 2-Apple plans fix next week for newly uncovered Freak security bug " "BOSTON  March 3 Apple Inc and Google Inc said on Tuesday that they have developed fixes to mitigate the newly uncovered 'Freak' security flaw affecting mobile devices and Mac computers."
"Apple to delay larger iPad production till September: report " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc will delay the start of production on a larger  12.9-inch iPad until around September because of problems involving the display panel supply  said a report by Bloomberg News citing people familiar with the company's plans as saying."
"Apple to delay larger iPad production till September-report " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 4 Apple Inc will delay the start of production on a larger  12.9-inch iPad until around September because of problems involving the display panel supply  said a report by Bloomberg News citing people familiar with the company's plans as saying."
"DIARY-U.S. MEETINGS/WEEK AHEAD " "Thomson Reuters March 04  2015 - Corporate Meetings for US companies for Week ahead.         S&P 500 Earnings - MONTH AHEAD     Dividends                            Non S&P 500 - Weekly             Federal Reserve events               ConferenceCall/Webcast - Weekly  Meetings - Weekly                                Xtra users can see more details on conference calls & webcasts by hovering your mouse  over the RIC  right click  now click on Related Co Data  now click on Co Events.                "
"HBO in talks with Apple to launch video streaming service: report " "HBO is in talks with Apple Inc to be its launch partner for the highly anticipated HBO Now video streaming service  according to a report in Wednesday's International Business Times."
"HBO in talks with Apple to launch video streaming service-report " "March 4 HBO is in talks with Apple Inc  to be its launch partner for its highly anticipated ""HBO Now"" video streaming service  according to a report in Wednesday's International Business Times."
"Judges wary of Apple's claims of phone patent harm by Samsung " "WASHINGTON Apple Inc told a U.S. appeals court on Wednesday that rival Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  should be barred from selling products that infringe on its smartphone patents  but the judges were skeptical."
"Judges wary of Apple's claims of phone patent harm by Samsung " "WASHINGTON Apple Inc told a U.S. appeals court on Wednesday that rival Samsung Electronics Co Ltd should be barred from selling products that infringe on its smartphone patents  but the judges were skeptical."
"Judges wary of Apple's claims of phone patent harm by Samsung " "WASHINGTON  March 4 Apple Inc told a U.S. appeals court on Wednesday that rival Samsung Electronics Co Ltd should be barred from selling products that infringe on its smartphone patents  but the judges were skeptical."
"UPDATE 1-HBO in talks with Apple to launch video streaming service -report " "March 4 HBO is in talks with Apple Inc  to be its launch partner for the highly anticipated HBO Now video streaming service  according to a report in Wednesday's International Business Times."
"U.S. judge upholds insider trading conviction despite law change " "NEW YORK A federal judge let stand the insider trading conviction of former Foundry Networks Inc executive David Riley  rejecting his argument that a recent appeals court decision setting a higher bar for convictions warranted his acquittal."
"Apple delays larger iPad production till September: reports " "Apple Inc  will delay the start of production on a larger  12.9-inch iPad until around September because of delays involving the supply of display panels  according to two media reports."
"Apple's rivals hope its Watch will boost their own wearable tech " "BARCELONA  March 5 Apple's rivals want to benefit from its magic  hoping that its long awaited new smartwatch will finally conjure demand for wearable technology that has so far generated more buzz about its potential than actual sales."
"BMW says talks with Apple don't involve developing a car " "FRANKFURT German carmaker BMW said on Thursday its talks with technology giant Apple did not involve developing or building a car  denying a German magazine report."
"BMW says talks with Apple don't involve developing a car " "FRANKFURT  March 5 German carmaker BMW  said on Thursday its talks with technology giant Apple  did not involve developing or building a car  denying a German magazine report."
"Continental wants to be partner on possible Apple car -CEO " "BERLIN  March 5 Germany's Continental AG  would be interested in acting as partner for technology giant Apple should the U.S. company decide to build a car  Chief Executive Elmar Degenhart said."
"DIARY-U.S. MEETINGS/WEEK AHEAD " "Thomson Reuters March 05  2015 - Corporate Meetings for US companies for Week ahead.         S&P 500 Earnings - MONTH AHEAD     Dividends                            Non S&P 500 - Weekly             Federal Reserve events               ConferenceCall/Webcast - Weekly  Meetings - Weekly                                Xtra users can see more details on conference calls & webcasts by hovering your mouse  over the RIC  right click  now click on Related Co Data  now click on Co Events.                "
"UPDATE 1-Apple delays larger iPad production till September - reports " "March 5 Apple Inc will delay the start of production on a larger  12.9-inch iPad until around September because of delays involving the supply of display panels  according to two media reports."
"Apple plans fix next week for newly uncovered Freak security bug " "BOSTON Apple Inc and Google Inc said on Tuesday that they have developed fixes to mitigate the newly uncovered 'Freak' security flaw affecting mobile devices and Mac computers."
"At long last  Dow gets a taste for Apple " "NEW YORK Apple Inc   the largest U.S. company by market value  will join the Dow Jones industrial average   replacing AT&T Inc   in a change that reflects the dominant position of the iPhone maker in the U.S. consumer economy. | Video "
"REFILE-UPDATE 2-Apple plans fix next week for newly uncovered Freak security bug " "BOSTON  March 3 Apple Inc and Google Inc said on Tuesday that they have developed fixes to mitigate the newly uncovered 'Freak' security flaw affecting mobile devices and Mac computers."
"RPT-UPDATE 3-Apple to replace AT&T in Dow industrials " "NEW YORK  March 6 Apple Inc  the largest U.S. company by market value  will join the storied Dow Jones industrial average  replacing AT&T Inc  in a change that reflects the dominant position of iPhone maker in the U.S. economy and society."
"UPDATE 7-At long last  Dow gets a taste for Apple " "NEW YORK  March 6 Apple Inc  the largest U.S. company by market value  will join the Dow Jones industrial average  replacing AT&T Inc  in a change that reflects the dominant position of the iPhone maker in the U.S. consumer economy."
"US STOCKS-Wall St ends lower as jobs data may bring rate hike sooner " "* Indexes off: Dow 1.54 pct  S&P 1.42 pct  Nasdaq 1.11 pct   (Updates to close  adds comments)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St falls after payrolls; Apple to join Dow " "* Indexes off: Dow 0.88 pct  S&P 0.77 pct  Nasdaq 0.5 pct   (Updates to late morning  adds comments)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St falls after strong payrolls report " "* Indexes off: Dow 1.17 percent  S&P 1.1 percent  Nasdaq 0.88 percent   (Updates to afternoon  adds comments)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St falls as strong jobs data may bring rate hike sooner " "* Indexes off: Dow 1.17 percent  S&P 1.1 percent  Nasdaq 0.88 percent   (Updates to afternoon trading  adds comments)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St lower after payrolls; Apple to join Dow " "* Indexes off: Dow 0.5 pct  S&P 0.35 pct  Nasdaq 0.16 pct   (Updates to market open)"
"Apple lets companies fine-tune apps before watch debut: Bloomberg " "Apple Inc  has allowed some companies to test their apps on its yet-to-be-launched Apple Watch and adjust the tools to the watch's design  Bloomberg reported. | Video "
"UPDATE 1-Silicon Valley debate on self-driving cars: do you need a map? " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 6 The Silicon Valley race to build a self-driving car may revolve around one simple question: to map or not to map."
"The Apple Watch: Is it a gadget or a fashion statement? " "CHICAGO/LOS ANGELES Apple CEO Tim Cook summed up the problem during a conversation with sales staff at a London Apple Store: ""We've never sold anything as a company that people could try on before."""
"The Apple Watch: Is it a gadget or a fashion statement? " "CHICAGO/LOS ANGELES  March 8 Apple CEO Tim Cook summed up the problem during a conversation with sales staff at a London Apple Store: ""We've never sold anything as a company that people could try on before."""
"Apple debuts $17 000 watch  some waiting for killer app " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc  launched its long-awaited watch on Monday  including yellow or rose gold models with sapphire faces costing up to $17 000  but some investors questioned whether Chief Executive Tim Cook's first product would be a breakaway hit. | Video "
"Apple's watch hasn't impressed the fashion world " "PARIS/NEWYORK Apple Inc.  has made every effort to convince the fashion world that the Apple Watch is the next chic accessory."
"Apple's watch hasn't impressed the fashion world " "PARIS/NEWYORK  March 9 Apple Inc. has made every effort to convince the fashion world that the Apple Watch is the next chic accessory. Supermodel Christy Turlington Burns became the timepiece's  highest-profile advocate from the fashion world when she joined CEO Tim Cook onstage in San Francisco on Monday. And the company has made a big publicity push in Paris  giving style heavyweights Karl Lagerfeld  Anna Wintour and model Karlie Kloss an advance preview ahead of a display last fal"
"The Apple Watch: Is it a gadget or a fashion statement? " "CHICAGO/LOS ANGELES Apple CEO Tim Cook summed up the problem during a conversation with sales staff at a London Apple Store: ""We've never sold anything as a company that people could try on before."" | Video "
"UPDATE 2-HBO standalone service coming to Apple devices in April " "March 9 HBO's standalone streaming service will launch on Apple Inc devices next month in time for the season premiere of hit series ""Game of Thrones "" the network said on Monday  a move to reach millions of viewers who do not subscribe to pay television packages."
"UPDATE 5-Apple debuts $17 000 watch  some waiting for killer app " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 9 Apple Inc  launched its long-awaited watch on Monday  including yellow or rose gold models with sapphire faces costing up to $17 000  but some investors questioned whether Chief Executive Tim Cook's first product would be a breakaway hit."
"US STOCKS-Futures dip  extending recent weakness  on rate uncertainty " "* Futures down: Dow 23 pts  S&P 2.75 pts  Nasdaq 3.75 pts   (Updates trading  adds Alcoa news)"
"US STOCKS-Futures edge lower  extending recent weakness " "NEW YORK  March 9 U.S. stock index futures were lower on Monday  pointing to a continued downtrend on Wall Street as investors continued to question whether an interest rate increase could come sooner than previously expected."
"US STOCKS-Futures point to flat open after recent decline " "* Futures up: Dow 12 pts  S&P 3 pts  Nasdaq 8.5 pts   (Updates trading  adds McDonald's sales)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St rebounds on deal activity; Apple up after watch news " "* Indexes up: Dow 0.8 pct  S&P 0.4 pct  Nasdaq 0.3 pct   (Updates to close)"
"Apple asks U.S. appeals court to disqualify antitrust monitor " "NEW YORK A U.S. appeals court on Tuesday weighed Apple Inc's latest bid to disqualify a court-appointed antitrust monitor whose activities one judge sharply questioned."
"Apple asks U.S. appeals court to disqualify antitrust monitor " "NEW YORK  March 10 A U.S. appeals court on Tuesday weighed Apple Inc's latest bid to disqualify a court-appointed antitrust monitor whose activities one judge sharply questioned."
"Apple seeks to dismiss lawsuit filed by electric battery maker " "Apple Inc asked a U.S. court on Tuesday to dismiss a civil lawsuit filed by battery maker A123 systems over engineers hired by Apple  saying A123's claims were too speculative to proceed  according to a court filing."
"Apple seeks to dismiss lawsuit filed by electric battery maker " "March 10 Apple Inc asked a U.S. court on Tuesday to dismiss a civil lawsuit filed by battery maker A123 systems over engineers hired by Apple  saying A123's legal claims were too speculative to proceed  according to a court filing."
"Apple Watch not yet setting Chinese pulses racing " "BEIJING Apple Inc  had China front and center at the San Francisco launch of its smart Apple Watch  trumpeting a new store in Hangzhou city and demo-ing hit Chinese messaging app WeChat."
"Apple Watch not yet setting Chinese pulses racing " "BEIJING  March 10 Apple Inc had China front and centre at the San Francisco launch of its smart Apple Watch  trumpeting a new store in Hangzhou city and demo-ing hit Chinese messaging app WeChat."
"BRIEF-Alibaba's Tmall to sell Apple watch next month " "* Says Tmall to start presales of Apple's smartwatch on April 10"
"Fidelity tech fund trounces all rivals without holding Apple " "NEW YORK The best performing technology fund since the peak of the dot com boom did it all without owning Apple Inc   whose soaring stock price has pushed the Nasdaq near a new record high."
"India Morning Call-Global Markets " "NEW YORK - U.S. stocks bounced back on Monday  helped by merger and acquisitions activity  while Apple shares ended slightly higher following the long-anticipated rollout of its watch."
"Apple's iTunes  app stores back online after 12-hour outage " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 11 Apple Inc's  iTunes and App Store came back online on Wednesday afternoon  according to its online status page  after an unusual hours-long disruption that the company blamed on an internal technical error."
"Apple's iTunes  App Stores back online after unusually long outage " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc's iTunes and App Store came back online on Wednesday afternoon after an unusually long service disruption that the company blamed on an internal technical error."
"Long-time Apple bull Matthew 25 fund starts trimming position " "NEW YORK A portfolio manager whose outsized Apple Inc position helped him beat 99 percent of his peers over the last five years has started to trim his stake out of concerns that the iPhone maker's stock no longer looks as attractive."
"Long-time Apple bull Matthew 25 fund starts trimming position " "NEW YORK  March 11 A portfolio manager whose outsized Apple Inc position helped him beat 99 percent of his peers over the last five years has started to trim his stake out of concerns that the iPhone maker's stock no longer looks as attractive."
"Swiss makers quietly gear up with smartwatches of their own " "* Industry starting to think Apple Watch may boost luxury sales"
"Swiss makers quietly gear up with smartwatches of their own " "LONDON/FRANKFURT To observers of the secretive Swiss watch industry  its quiet  seemingly passive response to Apple Inc's plan to attack their centuries-old business could be mistaken for submission before an overwhelming adversary."
"Taiwan stocks fall on Wall Street slides; TSMC inches up " "TAIPEI  March 11 Taiwan stocks fell 0.4 percent on Wednesday following Wall Street's sharp declines  with tech heavyweights TSMC and Hon Hai Precision  trading mixed after the companies posted February sales results.     The main TAIEX index fell to 9 501.69 as of 0130 GMT  extending the 0.3 percent drop in the prior session.     Electronics shares slipped 0.2 percent. TSMC  the world's top contract chipmaker  was up 0.4 percent and Apple Inc supplier Hon Hai was down 0.1 percent.   "
"UPDATE 5-Apple's iTunes  App Stores back online after unusually long outage " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 11 Apple Inc's  iTunes and App Store came back online on Wednesday afternoon after an unusually long service disruption that the company blamed on an internal technical error."
"UPDATE 2-In smartwatch war  Swatch goes for cheap  quick and China " "* Also launching range sports-themed smartwatches   (Adds detail  background  shares)"
"Apple pies and iPads sweeten China's dreaded TV expose " "SHANGHAI From cut-price apple pies to free iPads  companies in China are transforming Sunday's dreaded consumer rights day into a shopping frenzy  to blunt the impact of being named and shamed in state broadcaster CCTV's annual expose. | Video "
"Apple pies and iPads sweeten China's dreaded TV expose " "SHANGHAI  March 13 From cut-price apple pies to free iPads  companies in China are transforming Sunday's dreaded consumer rights day into a shopping frenzy  to blunt the impact of being named and shamed in state broadcaster CCTV's annual expose."
"BRIEF-Shenzhen Selen's unit signs contract to sell protective films to indirect Apple supplier " "* Says unit signs contract to sell protective films used in the production of Apple watches to an indirect Apple supplier"
"Exclusive: Apple Watch not on shopping list for 69 percent of Americans: Reuters poll " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc's new smartwatch may be a tough sell  with 69 percent of Americans indicating they are not interested in buying the gadget  according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll. | Video "
"Exclusive: Microsoft's digital assistant to head to Android  Apple devices " "SEATTLE Microsoft is working on an advanced version of its competitor to Apple's Siri  using research from an artificial intelligence project called ""Einstein."""
"RPT-UPDATE 1-Apple pies and iPads sweeten China's dreaded TV expose " "SHANGHAI  March 13 From cut-price apple pies to free iPads  companies in China are transforming Sunday's dreaded consumer rights day into a shopping frenzy  to blunt the impact of being named and shamed in state broadcaster CCTV's annual expose."
"Blackberry launches new secure tablet " "March 14 Seeking to extend its range of secure mobile devices  BlackBerry Ltd said on Saturday it was launching a high-security tablet  developed with International Business Machines Corp and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd ."
"China consumer show targets Volkswagen  Nissan " "SHANGHAI  March 15 Carmakers including Volkswagen AG  Nissan Motor Co Ltd and Daimler AG were scrambling late on Sunday after China's annual consumer rights day TV show said the firms oversold repairs and spare parts to drivers."
"Big problem for fund managers: liking Apple too much " "NEW YORK At more than 15 percent of his fund's assets  John Burnham  manager of the $136 million Burnham Fund  has a larger stake in Apple Inc than any other diversified fund."
"Apple in talks to launch online TV service: WSJ " "Apple Inc's  much-hinted-at TV service may soon become a reality as the iPhone maker is in talks with programmers to offer a slimmed-down bundle of TV networks this fall  the Wall Street Journal reported  citing people familiar with the matter. | Video "
"Apple TV entices networks with promise of mobile viewers " "SAN FRANCISCO/NEW YORK Apple Inc's planned video streaming service may not be a tough sell for media companies who could be enticed by the company's ubiquitous iPhones and iPads  which represent a new stream of growth for an industry losing viewers."
"Boeing eyes satellite deal with tech giant this year " "WASHINGTON Boeing Co  on Monday said it could clinch a deal this year to build a high-throughput communications satellite for top technology companies such as Google Inc   Amazon.com Inc   Facebook Inc  or Apple Inc ."
"CORRECTED-Hong Kong for work? A travel playlist from the head of Apple's Beats " "NEW YORK  March 17 Before headphones and speaker company Beats Electronics was sold to Apple for more than $3 billion  the company faced a crossroads: It had parted ways with partner Monster Electronics in 2012 and needed new manufacturing partners."
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks mostly end down ahead of Fed; oil falls " "* Brent crude up for 1st day in four while U.S. crude falls   (Updates to close of U.S. trading)"
"Google app store gets more oversight " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc  is tightening supervision of its freewheeling Play store  forming a special team to screen new apps for malware and sexually explicit material  and strengthening its age-based rating system."
"Google app store gets more oversight " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 17 Google Inc   is tightening supervision of its freewheeling Play store  forming a special team to screen new apps for malware and sexually explicit material  and strengthening its age-based rating system."
"Hong Kong for work? A travel playlist from the head of Apple's Beats " "NEW YORK Before headphones and speaker company Beats Electronics was sold to Apple for more than $3 billion  the company faced a crossroads: It had parted ways with partner Monster Electronics in 2012 and needed new manufacturing partners."
"UPDATE 2-Apple in talks to launch online TV service - WSJ " "March 17 Apple Inc's much-hinted-at TV service may soon become a reality as the iPhone maker is in talks with programmers to offer a slimmed-down bundle of TV networks this fall  the Wall Street Journal reported  citing people familiar with the matter."
"U.S. jury clears Apple of infringing wireless tech patents " "NEW YORK A federal jury in Texas on Monday said Apple Inc did not infringe five wireless technology patents owned by Canadian patent licensing firm Conversant Intellectual Property Management Inc [GEGGIM.UL] ."
"Apple supplier Jabil Circuit forecasts revenue above Street " "Jabil Circuit Inc  which makes phone casings for Apple Inc  forecast revenue for the current quarter above average analyst estimate  helped by strong demand for iPhones."
"Apple supplier Jabil Circuit's quarterly revenue rises 20.5 pct " "March 18 Jabil Circuit Inc  which makes phone casings for Apple Inc  reported a 20.5 percent rise in quarterly revenue  helped by strong iPhone sales."
"BMW R&D chief sees hurdles to deeper collaboration with Apple " "MUNICH  March 18 BMW's R&D chief said he saw hurdles to deeper collaboration with Apple  beyond making products such as the iPhone work well in vehicles  but stopped short of ruling out the possibility of developing a car with the tech giant."
"LVMH's Tag Heuer surfs wave of smartwatch partnerships " "BASEL  Switzerland Tag Heuer plans to unveil a smartwatch on Thursday among a wave of partnerships expected at the world's biggest watch fair this week as luxury watchmakers fight back against Apple."
"Nearly 40 percent of iPhone owners interested in Apple Watch: poll " "SAN FRANCISCO About 40 percent of adult Apple iPhone owners in the United States are interested in buying the company's new Apple Watch  according to a new Reuters/Ipsos poll."
"Outright win elusive for Apple in mobile phone patent appeal " "In a Tuesday ruling that was not a definitive win for either side  the Federal Circuit held that while Apple Inc was not liable for infringing a mobile phone technology patent owned by Nokia Corp  Sony Corp and another entity  it may later be found liable for infringing another."
"UPDATE 1-Apple supplier Jabil Circuit forecasts revenue above Street " "March 18 Jabil Circuit Inc  which makes phone casings for Apple Inc  forecast revenue for the current quarter above average analyst estimate  helped by strong demand for iPhones."
"UPDATE 1-Imagination Technology cuts licensing outlook on 'muted' demand " "LONDON  March 18 Imagination Technologies   which provides graphics technology to Apple  has cut its outlook for licensing this year  saying activity had been a ""little muted"" since November  sending its shares down 14 percent."
"CORRECTED-Tag Heuer unveils smartwatch venture with Intel  Google " "BASEL  Switzerland  March 19 Tag Heuer  French luxury group LVMH's biggest watch maker  announced a partnership with Google Inc and Intel Corp to create a luxury smartwatch to compete head-on with Apple Inc ."
"Tag Heuer  Intel challenge Apple with Android smartwatch " "BASEL  Switzerland Tag Heuer  French luxury group LVMH's  biggest watch maker  said it will launch a smartwatch later this year using Google Inc's  Android operating system in a venture with Intel Corp  to compete head-on with the Apple Watch."
"UPDATE 2-Tag Heuer  Intel challenge Apple with Android smartwatch " "BASEL  Switzerland  March 19 Tag Heuer  French luxury group LVMH's biggest watch maker  said it will launch a smartwatch later this year using Google Inc's  Android operating system in a venture with Intel Corp  to compete head-on with the Apple Watch."
"Luxury brands hedge their bets with smartwatches " "PARIS The flurry of technology deals luxury watchmakers announced this week to tackle the Apple Watch threat are more a way to hedge their bets in case the smartwatch market takes off than a strategic U-turn."
"US STOCKS-Wall St rises on Nike  lower dollar; Nasdaq hits 15-yr high " "* Indexes rise: Dow and S&P 0.9 percent  Nasdaq 0.7 percent   (Updates close with energy shares up  Apple down  latest volume)"
"Steve Jobs bio says Disney CEO kept Jobs' condition a secret -Bloomberg " "March 21 Walt Disney Co CEO Bob Iger learned that Steve Jobs' cancer had returned less than an hour before Disney announced it was buying Jobs' Pixar studio in 2006  and Iger kept the Apple co-founder's condition a secret for three years  according to Bloomberg  citing a new biography of Jobs."
"Steve Jobs bio says Disney CEO kept Jobs' condition a secret: Bloomberg " "Walt Disney Co CEO Bob Iger learned that Steve Jobs' cancer had returned less than an hour before Disney announced it was buying Jobs' Pixar studio in 2006  and Iger kept the Apple co-founder's condition a secret for three years  according to Bloomberg  citing a new biography of Jobs."
"Assembler Pegatron's record 2014 profit puts Apple reliance in spotlight " "TAIPEI  March 23 Strong iPhone 6 sales lifted annual net profit at Pegatron Corp  the Taiwanese assembler of Apple Inc  to a record high  as its chief executive questioned the company's reliance on smartphones to generate revenue."
"Assembler Pegatron's record 2014 profit puts Apple reliance in spotlight " "TAIPEI Strong iPhone 6 sales lifted annual net profit at Pegatron Corp  the Taiwanese assembler of Apple Inc  to a record high  as its chief executive questioned the company's reliance on smartphones to generate revenue."
"Italy prosecutors wrap up tax probe into Apple: sources " "MILAN Italian prosecutors have wrapped up an investigation into allegations U.S. tech giant Apple  failed to pay corporate taxes to the tune of 879 million euros ($964 million)  two sources said on Monday."
"UPDATE 1-Clash of Clans maker Supercell doubles profit " "* Clash of Clans is top grossing Apple iOS app   (adds context  company background)"
"Apple plans China iPhone trade-in program with Foxconn: Bloomberg " "Apple Inc plans to introduce a trade-in program for iPhones in China in association with the Foxconn Technology Group  Bloomberg reported  citing people familiar with the effort."
"Apple plans China iPhone trade-in program with Foxconn -Bloomberg " "March 26 Apple Inc plans to introduce a trade-in program for iPhones in China in association with the Foxconn Technology Group  Bloomberg reported  citing people familiar with the effort."
"Apple's Tim Cook to donate his wealth - Fortune " "March 26 Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook said he planned to give away all his wealth  the Fortune magazine reported."
"Apple's Tim Cook will give away all his money: Fortune " "Apple Inc  Chief Executive Tim Cook is joining the roster of the very rich who are giving away their wealth."
"UPDATE 1-Apple's Tim Cook will give away all his money -Fortune " "March 26 Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook is joining the roster of the very rich who are giving away their wealth."
"Apple's Cook joins tech CEOs in blasting Indiana religious freedom law " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc's Tim Cook  one of the most prominent openly gay American CEOs  has joined fellow tech industry chiefs in decrying a controversial Indiana law that opponents say could allow companies to deny services to gay people."
"New apps to help business get in step with mobile customers " "FRANKFURT  March 27 Nine months after Apple  and IBM began working together on building mobile apps for businesses  some of the first fruits are about to appear at UK pharmacy chain Boots  which has begun equipping store employees with iPads to serve shoppers in the aisles."
"Australia looks at GST  company tax in planned tax overhaul " "SYDNEY  March 30 Australian Treasurer Joe Hockey hinted on Monday at changes that could force digital companies like Apple Inc  Google Inc  Alibaba Group Holding and Uber to pay more tax on transactions that take place in Australia."
"Apple's music streaming deals under EU regulatory spotlight: sources " "BRUSSELS European Union antitrust regulators are investigating Apple Inc's deals with record labels and online music streaming services to see if it is blocking rivals' access to its music planned streaming platform  two people with knowledge of the matter said."
"China's Alibaba finance arm  Xiaomi partner in wearable payments " "BEIJING Alibaba Group Holding Ltd's  finance arm and smartphone maker Xiaomi Inc [XTC.UL] said on Thursday they will jointly develop mobile payment systems using wearable technology  a first for China's major tech firms."
"China's Alibaba finance arm  Xiaomi partner in wearable payments " "BEIJING  April 2 Alibaba Group Holding Ltd's  finance arm and smartphone maker Xiaomi Inc  said on Thursday they will jointly develop mobile payment systems using wearable technology  a first for China's major tech firms."
"UPDATE 1-Apple's music streaming deals under EU regulatory spotlight - sources " "BRUSSELS  April 2 European Union antitrust regulators are investigating Apple Inc's deals with record labels and online music streaming services to see if it is blocking rivals' access to its music planned streaming platform  two people with knowledge of the matter said."
"Apple faces local battles as it prepares global payments push " "FRANKFURT Apple  has made mobile payments look easy  after a decade of mostly failed experiments by banks  telecom operators and retailers to woo consumers away from cards and cash."
"Global tech giants say 'under review' by Australia tax office " "SYDNEY  April 8 Global tech giants Google   Apple and Microsoft are ""under review"" by the Australian Tax Office (ATO)  senior executives said on Wednesday  as politicians grilled them about corporate tax avoidance."
"REFILE-Apple faces local battles as it prepares global payments push " "* Apple Pay global expansion slowed by local payment differences"
"Slow apps  low battery life limit appeal of Apple Watch: reviewers " "Apple Inc's  ""beautiful"" and ""stylish"" smartwatch could make life easier for people on the move  reviewers say  but the gadget gets poor marks for battery life and slow-loading apps."
"Apple expects strong demand in smartwatch consumer debut " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc  expects tremendous interest for its new smartwatch and demand to outstrip supply as consumers get an up-close look on Friday at CEO Tim Cook's first major product."
"BRIEF-Lightwaverf says Apple to help co implement Homekit " "* Apple have agreed to assist Lightwaverf in implementing correct protocol in Lightwaverf's weblink  Source text for Eikon:  Further company coverage:"
"UPDATE 2-Apple expects strong demand in smartwatch consumer debut " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 9 Apple Inc  expects tremendous interest for its new smartwatch and demand to outstrip supply as consumers get an up-close look on Friday at CEO Tim Cook's first major product."
"With primetime TV  Apple hopes to hook customers for new Watch " "LOS ANGELES/SAN FRANCISCO  April 9 As Apple Inc  debuts its smartwatch on Friday  the technology company focused efforts to drum up buzz on U.S. television  using expensive primetime spots to entice customers to the fledgling wearable technology market."
"With primetime TV  Apple hopes to hook customers for new Watch " "LOS ANGELES/SAN FRANCISCO As Apple Inc  debuts its smartwatch on Friday  the technology company focused efforts to drum up buzz on U.S. television  using expensive primetime spots to entice customers to the fledgling wearable technology market."
"Backlogged orders as shoppers get close-up look at Apple Watch " "SAN FRANCISCO/PARIS Customers preordering Apple Inc's smartwatch on Friday will have to wait at least a month for delivery  a sign of strong early demand for company chief Tim Cook's first new major product. | Video "
"In China  knock-off Apple Watches have their own fans " "SHENZHEN/HONG KONG  April 10 Lining the glass display cases of Shenzhen's giant tech malls  knock-off versions of Apple Inc's smartwatch were on sale at many stalls  with some Chinese consumers eager to snap them up for a fraction of the cost of the original."
"In China  knock-off Apple Watches have their own fans " "SHENZHEN/HONG KONG Lining the glass display cases of Shenzhen's giant tech malls  knock-off versions of Apple Inc's smartwatch were on sale at many stalls  with some Chinese consumers eager to snap them up for a fraction of the cost of the original."
"RBC CEO says tech firms pose threat  eyes start-up partnerships " "TORONTO Technology companies pose a competitive threat to established lenders  the head of Royal Bank of Canada said on Friday  adding he was keen to work with start-ups to improve the company's mobile offerings."
"REFILE-US STOCKS-Wall St set to climb at open  buoyed by GE divestment plan " "April 10 U.S. stocks were poised to edge up at the open on Friday as investors lauded GE's decision to divest the bulk of its high-risk GE Capital business."
"UK's IG Group launches trading app for Apple Watch " "April 10 Britain's IG Group Holdings Plc  said on Friday that it would launch one of the first online trading apps for Apple Inc's smartwatch  in keeping with the trading platform's push to bolster its technology division."
"UK's IG Group launches trading app for Apple Watch " "Britain's IG Group Holdings Plc said on Friday that it would launch one of the first online trading apps for Apple Inc's smartwatch  in keeping with the trading platform's push to bolster its technology division."
"UPDATE 8-Backlogged orders as shoppers get close-up look at Apple Watch " "* Customers can test watches  order online   (Adds comment from analyst  details from store in San Francisco  closing stock price)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St gains  buoyed by GE divestment plan " "* Indexes up: Dow 0.21 pct  S&P 0.22 pct  Nasdaq 0.1 pct   (Updates to open)"
"Apple in talks with musicians for exclusive streaming deals -Bloomberg " "April 10 Apple Inc has approached more than a dozen musicians  including British band Florence and the Machine  in an effort to sign exclusive deals for some of their music to be streamed on Beats  Bloomberg reported  citing people familiar with the matter."
"MEDIA-Apple in talks with artists for exclusive streaming rights for Beats service - Bloomberg " "-- Note: Reuters has not verified this story and does not vouch for its accuracy"
"Apple expected to quickly ramp up smartwatch production " "Apple Inc  is likely to quickly ramp up production of the Apple Watch after strong pre-orders outstripped limited supply  analysts said on Monday. | Video "
"Apple likely to boost watch production quickly - analysts " "April 13 Apple Inc is likely to quickly ramp production of the Apple Watch after strong pre-orders outstripped limited supply in the first weekend following its launch  some Wall Street analysts said."
"IBM launches new health unit  teams up with Apple  J&J  Medtronic " "SEATTLE  April 13 International Business Machines Corp  deepening its partnership with Apple Inc  to make use of health information gathered by millions of Apple devices  is creating  a unit dedicated to providing data analytics to the healthcare sector."
"IBM launches new health unit  teams up with Apple  J&J  Medtronic " "SEATTLE International Business Machines Corp  deepening its partnership with Apple Inc to make use of health information gathered by millions of Apple devices  is creating a unit dedicated to providing data analytics to the healthcare sector."
"UPDATE 1-Apple expected to quickly ramp up smartwatch production " "April 13 Apple Inc is likely to quickly ramp up production of the Apple Watch after strong pre-orders outstripped limited supply  analysts said on Monday."
"US STOCKS-Wall St flat with earnings eyed; Apple  Qualcomm lift Nasdaq " "* Indexes up: Dow 0.17 pct  S&P 0.15 pct  Nasdaq 0.45 pct   (Updates to open)"
"Wall St. declines as worries about earnings deepen " "U.S. stocks dipped on Monday as fears increased that the strong dollar and lower oil prices will hurt U.S. first-quarter earnings."
"Apple expected to quickly ramp up smartwatch production " "Apple Inc  is likely to quickly ramp up production of the Apple Watch after strong pre-orders outstripped limited supply  analysts said on Monday. | Video "
"Google licenses patents from company behind Netflix  Apple suits " "Although its streaming media rivals Netflix and Apple have faced the Kudelski Group in court over accusations of patent infringement  Google has decided to license the Swiss company's portfolio  Kudelski announced on Tuesday."
"China's Huawei ships 17.5 mln smartphones globally in Q1  up 28 pct y/y " "HONG KONG  April 16 China's Huawei Technologies Co Ltd said smartphone shipments rose 28 percent in the first quarter  helped by demand for higher-margin models aimed at a premium market dominated by Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  and Apple Inc."
"China's Huawei shows smartphone credentials with P8 launch " "LONDON  April 15 China's Huawei  unveiled its flagship P8 smartphone on Wednesday  a device that stacks up against the latest models from Samsung and Apple in technical specifications if not marketing budget."
"Exclusive: Six percent of U.S. adults plan to buy Apple Watch - Reuters/Ipsos poll " "SAN FRANCISCO About 6 percent of U.S. adults plan to buy Apple Inc's smartwatch according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll  with men twice as likely as women to purchase Apple boss Tim Cook's first new major product."
"UPDATE 1-China's Huawei shows smartphone credentials with P8 launch " "LONDON  April 15 China's Huawei  unveiled its flagship P8 and P8 Max smartphones on Wednesday  devices that stack up against the latest models from Samsung  and Apple in technical specifications if not marketing budget."
"UPDATE 1-Samsung creates team to make screens for Apple devices - Bloomberg " "April 15 Samsung Electronics Co has created a standalone team of about 200 employees to work exclusively on making screens for rival smartphone maker Apple Inc's products  Bloomberg reported  citing people with direct knowledge of the matter."
"Apple cooperation with antitrust monitor down 'sharply' - report " "Apple Inc's cooperation with a court-appointed monitor has ""sharply declined"" as he reviews the iPad maker's antitrust compliance policies  the monitor wrote in a report to a judge."
"Apple cooperation with antitrust monitor down 'sharply' -report " "NEW YORK  April 16 Apple Inc's  cooperation with a court-appointed monitor has ""sharply declined"" as he reviews the iPad maker's antitrust compliance policies  the monitor wrote in a report to a judge."
"Apple watches will not be available in-store in May: Telegraph " "Apple Inc's watches will not be available to buy in-store in May  according to a memo from Apple retail chief Angela Ahrendts  the Telegraph reported."
"SunPower  Apple to build solar projects in China " "April 16 Solar panel maker SunPower Corp  said it would partner with Apple Inc to build two solar power projects in China's Sichuan province with total capacity of 40 megawatts."
"SunPower  Apple to build solar projects in China " "Solar panel maker SunPower Corp said it would partner with Apple Inc to build two solar power projects in China's Sichuan province with total capacity of 40 megawatts."
"UPDATE 1-Apple watches will not be available in-store in May - Telegraph " "April 16 Apple Inc's watches will not be available to buy in-store in May  according to a memo from Apple retail chief Angela Ahrendts  the Telegraph reported."
"UPDATE 1-SunPower  Apple to build solar projects in China " "April 16 Solar panel maker SunPower Corp  said it would partner with Apple Inc to build two solar power projects in China's Sichuan province with total capacity of 40 megawatts."
"US STOCKS-Wall St ends slightly lower as earnings worries linger " "* Dow finishes down 0.04 pct  S&P 500 down 0.08 pct Nasdaq loses 0.06 pct"
"US STOCKS-Wall St ends slightly lower as earnings worries linger " "* Dow finishes down 0.04 pct  S&P 500 down 0.08 pct Nasdaq loses 0.06 pct"
"US STOCKS-Wall St mixed as Netflix surges and investors eye earnings " "April 16 U.S. stocks were mixed on Thursday afternoon as soaring Wall Street debuts by online retailer Etsy and trading firm Virtu offset lingering worries about upcoming corporate earnings reports."
"Apple in talks to launch Apple Pay in Canada: WSJ " "Apple Inc  is planning to launch its electronic payments service in Canada in November  the first international expansion of Apple Pay  the Wall Street Journal reported  citing people familiar with the matter."
"Apple in talks to launch Apple Pay in Canada - WSJ " "April 17 Apple Inc is planning to launch its electronic payments service in Canada in November  the first international expansion of Apple Pay  the Wall Street Journal reported  citing people familiar with the matter."
"Chip designer ARM's Q1 gets iPhone 6 boost  shares hit a high " "LONDON ARM Holdings  the British chip designer favored by Apple  beat expectations for first-quarter profit thanks to demand for the iPhone 6  and said its royalties would grow as its latest technology is used in more smartphones."
"UPDATE 2-Broadcom profit beats as demand rises from smartphone makers " "April 21 Wireless chip maker Broadcom Inc  reported higher-than-expected quarterly revenue and profit  helped by strong sales of its WiFi and broadband chips to smartphone makers such as Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd."
"UPDATE 2-Chip designer ARM's Q1 gets iPhone 6 boost  shares hit a high " "* Sees royalties continuing to grow on demand for newest tech"
"CORRECTED-UPDATE 1-LG Display Q1 profit at 4-year high  buoyed by sales at client Apple " "* Q2 shipments seen growing by low-to-mid single digit pct vs Q1"
"LG Display books four-year-high profit  downplays supply glut fear " "SEOUL South Korea's LG Display Co Ltd  downplayed risks of a supply glut in the global panel market after reporting its best quarterly profit in more than four years  seeking to assuage fear about a sharp profit decline later this year."
"LG Display Q1 operating profit 744 bln won  beats estimates " "SEOUL  April 22 South Korea's LG Display Co Ltd  said on Wednesday that January-March operating profit was up nearly eight times from a year earlier  beating market expectations on healthy television panel sales and orders from key client Apple Inc."
"Some Apple Watch buyers to get shipments sooner than expected " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 22 Some Apple Watch buyers who thought they would have to wait until June to receive their new gadgets will get them sooner  Apple Inc said on Wednesday."
"Some Apple Watch buyers to get shipments sooner than expected " "SAN FRANCISCO Some Apple Watch buyers who thought they would have to wait until June to receive their new gadgets will get them sooner  Apple Inc said on Wednesday."
"UPDATE 2-LG Display books 4-year-high profit  downplays supply glut fear " "* CFO says severe oversupply problems unlikely   (Recasts; adds comments from LG Display  context)"
"Apple tests smartwatch market with quiet debut of Cook's first product " "NEW YORK  April 22 The Apple Watch will launch with a whisper rather than a bang on Friday  an unusual start for the company that may reflect early uncertainty about demand for Apple Inc boss Tim Cook's first new product."
"Apple tests smartwatch market with quiet debut of Cook's first product " "NEW YORK The Apple Watch will launch with a whisper rather than a bang on Friday  an unusual start for the company that may reflect early uncertainty about demand for Apple Inc boss Tim Cook's first new product."
"Apple Watch goes on sale worldwide amid supply shortage " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 23 The Apple Watch goes on sale around the world on Friday  the final stage of a protracted launch of Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook's first new product  capping months of publicity and a frenetic two weeks of pre-orders."
"BRIEF-Ericsson CEO: Ambition to settle patent dispute with Apple outside court " "* CEO says ambition in patent dispute with Apple is to settle outside court.   Further company coverage:"
"Cost of Galaxy's battle against iPhone on the rise " "SEOUL  Samsung Electronics  has pulled out all the stops on its new Galaxy smartphones  but their modest prices compared to the latest iPhones throw an uneasy spotlight on the long-term cost of fighting Apple's  premium branding."
"Factbox: Nasdaq's 'Cubes' ETF reaps Nasdaq's big run " "The Nasdaq's alter ego  the PowerShares QQQ fund  has been the go-to exchange-traded fund for individual investors  pension funds  foreign insurers  sovereign wealth funds  and just about anyone else who has ever had the desire to tap technology sector growth for a quick trade or a long hold."
"Apple aims to ship more than 20 million smartwatches in 2015: sources " "TAIPEI Apple Inc  aims to ship at least 20 million Apple Watches this year  well above many analysts' forecasts  according to supply chain sources."
"Apple aims to ship more than 20 million smartwatches in 2015 - sources " "TAIPEI  April 24 Apple Inc aims to ship at least 20 million Apple Watches this year  well above many analysts' forecasts  according to supply chain sources."
"Apple thwarts geeks  investors probing smartwatch components " "MELBOURNE  April 24 Apple Inc managed to frustrate gadget lovers and investors desperate to find out the components of its new smartwatch on Friday  encasing its chips in tough resin and using rare screws to thwart people trying prise it apart."
"Samsung hints at new smartwatch on Apple Watch launch day " "SEOUL  April 24 Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  teased the market with hints of a new version of its Gear smartwatch on Friday  the same day that rival Apple Inc's  long-awaited wearable devices went on sale."
"Samsung hints at new smartwatch on Apple Watch launch day " "SEOUL Samsung Electronics Co Ltd teased the market with hints of a new version of its Gear smartwatch on Friday  the same day that rival Apple Inc's long-awaited wearable devices went on sale."
"UPDATE 5-Apple Watch launches quietly at handful of big-city boutiques " "* Apple has directed buyers to online ordering   (Rewrites throughout  adds details)"
"Software developers try on Apple watch  see more apps coming " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 24 Software developers who tried on an Apple Watch for the first time on Friday predicted a rush of new apps over the next few months  particularly in areas including health and messaging."
"Apple CEO says hard to gauge smartwatch demand " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc  Chief Executive Tim Cook said on Monday demand continued to outstrip supply for the new Apple Watch  released earlier this month."
"Apple CEO says hard to gauge smartwatch demand " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 27 Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook said on Monday demand continued to outstrip supply for the new Apple Watch  released earlier this month."
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Shares rise on Europe relief  optimism on Apple " "* Dollar slips ahead of Fed meeting; Treasury prices edge lower   (Updates to U.S. market open  changes byline  dateline  previous LONDON)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St edges higher ahead of Apple results  S&P hits record " "* Indexes up: Dow 0.3 pct  S&P 0.2 pct  Nasdaq 0.2 pct   (Adds details  adds comment  updates prices)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St ends down as biotechs drop 4 pct; Apple up late " "* Indexes down: Dow 0.23 pct  S&P 0.41 pct  Nasdaq 0.63 pct   (Updates close with volume  Apple gains after the bell)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St ends down as biotechs drop 4 pct " "* Indexes down: Dow 0.23 pct  S&P 0.41 pct  Nasdaq 0.63 pct   (Updates to close)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St opens up  Nasdaq closer to record ahead of Apple earnings " "* Indexes up: Dow 0.4 pct  S&P 0.4 pct  Nasdaq 0.5 pct   (Updates to open)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St reverses course to trade lower as health stocks drag " "* Indexes down: Dow 0.2 pct  S&P 0.3 pct  Nasdaq 0.4 pct   (Updates to early afternoon)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St slips as biotechs drop; Apple shares up " "* Indexes down: Dow 0.04 pct  S&P 0.2 pct  Nasdaq 0.5 pct   (Updates to late afternoon)"
"Wall St. ends down as biotechs drop 4 percent " "U.S. stocks ended down on Monday  led by losses in biotech shares after disappointing news from several companies including Amgen."
"Apple's blockbuster quarter eases doubts about growth " "Apple Inc's  blowout second quarter  coming after record iPhone sales in the holiday shopping season  laid to rest doubts that the company could sustain its scorching pace of growth. | Video "
"Dow  S&P 500 end up with Merck  IBM; Nasdaq slips with Apple " "The Dow and S&P 500 ended a volatile session higher on Tuesday  helped by strong earnings from Merck and gains in IBM after it boosted its dividend  while the Nasdaq fell with Apple."
"Icahn says Apple still undervalued " "Apple Inc  remains undervalued and misunderstood  activist investor Carl Icahn tweeted  even as the company posted stellar quarterly results on Monday. | Video "
"U.S. 1st qtr earnings on track for slight gain " "NEW YORK  April 28 U.S. earnings are on track to post a slight gain for the first quarter following stronger-than-expected results from companies like Apple   reversing forecasts for the first quarterly profit decline since 2009."
"U.S. first-quarter earnings on track for slight gain " "NEW YORK U.S. first-quarter earnings are on track to post a slight gain following mostly stronger-than-expected results  defying forecasts for the first quarterly profit decline since 2009."
"U.S. shares rebound; oil pares gains after Iran ship seizure " "NEW YORK Two of three major U.S. stock indexes rose modestly on Tuesday as Merck posted strong earnings and IBM raised its dividend  while European stocks slid on weak corporate results and oil prices were flat to lower on expectations that U.S. crude stockpiles have reached record highs."
"US STOCKS-Dow  S&P 500 end up with Merck  IBM; Nasdaq slips with Apple " "* Dow up 0.4 pct  S&P up 0.28 pct  Nasdaq down 0.1 pct   (Updates to close)"
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Dow  S&P 500 end higher; Nasdaq down with Apple " "NEW YORK  April 28 The Dow and S&P 500 ended a volatile session higher on Tuesday  helped by strong earnings from Merck and gains in IBM after it boosted its dividend  while the Nasdaq fell with Apple."
"US STOCKS-Wall St edges up with Merck  IBM; Nasdaq slips with Apple " "* Dow up 0.3 pct  S&P up 0.2 pct  Nasdaq down 0.04 pct   (Updates to late afternoon)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St moves higher after erratic early trading " "* Indexes up: Dow 0.4 pct  S&P 0.3 pct  Nasdaq 0.2 pct   (Updates to early afternoon  changes comment)"
"Chinese demand for Apple's big-screen phones fuel sales growth " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple's large-screen iPhones are a big hit in China  taking market share from Samsung and selling at a pace that may make China a greater source of revenue than the Americas for Apple in coming years  analysts said. | Video "
"Defective component slowed Apple Watch rollout: WSJ " "Apple Inc limited availability of the Apple Watch after a key component supplied by a Chinese company was found to be defective  the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday  citing people familiar with the matter."
"Fiat Chrysler pushes to boost margins as CEO pitches for a deal " "MILAN/DETROIT Fiat Chrysler Automobiles   Chief Executive Sergio Marchionne on Wednesday made a plea for shrinking the number of players in the global auto industry as the company reported lower-than-expected first quarter results and outlined new plans to boost North American profit margins."
"INSIGHT-Chinese demand for Apple's big-screen phones fuel sales growth " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 28 Apple's large-screen iPhones are a big hit in China  taking market share from Samsung and selling at a pace that may make China a greater source of revenue than the Americas for Apple in coming years  analysts said."
"Microsoft opens door to Android  Apple phone apps " "SAN FRANCISCO Microsoft Corp  is making it easier for apps written for rival Google Inc's  Android and Apple Inc's  iOS systems to work on Windows phones  in a bid to attract users to its unpopular mobile devices  the company's operating systems chief said on Wednesday."
"Samsung Elec overtook Apple as top smartphone maker in first quarter: Strategy Analytics " "SEOUL Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  overtook Apple Inc  to recapture the title of world's top smartphone maker by volume in the first quarter of 2015  research firm Strategy Analytics said on Wednesday."
"Samsung Elec overtook Apple as top smartphone maker in Q1-Strategy Analytics " "SEOUL  April 29 Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  overtook Apple Inc to recapture the title of world's top smartphone maker by volume in the first quarter of 2015  research firm Strategy Analytics said on Wednesday."
"UPDATE 2-Defective component slowed Apple Watch rollout - WSJ " "April 29 Apple Inc limited availability of the Apple Watch after a key component supplied by a Chinese company was found to be defective  the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday  citing people familiar with the matter."
"UPDATE 3-Fiat Chrysler pushes to boost margins as CEO pitches for a deal " "* Fiat Chrysler will hike prices to boost North American margins"
"UPDATE 5-Microsoft opens door to Android  Apple phone apps " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 29 Microsoft Corp  is making it easier for apps written for rival Google Inc's  Android and Apple Inc's iOS systems to work on Windows phones  in a bid to attract users to its unpopular mobile devices  the company's operating systems chief said on Wednesday."
"Apple Watch has lowest hardware cost to price: IHS " "Apple Inc's Watch has the lowest ratio of hardware costs to retail price across any Apple phone  according to a preliminary estimate by research firm IHS after a teardown study."
"CORRECTED-OFFICIAL-Apple Watch has lowest hardware cost to price - IHS " "April 30 Apple Inc's Watch has the lowest ratio of hardware costs to retail price across any Apple phone  according to a preliminary estimate by research firm IHS after a teardown study."
"Stock market hammered despite upbeat data " "U.S. stocks  led by the Nasdaq  sold off on Thursday as Apple shares declined  and tech and biotech quarterly results disappointed."
"UPDATE 2-Distressed audio-chip maker Audience sells itself to Knowles " "* Deal to add to earnings in Q4 of 2016   (Adds analyst comment  details; Updates share)"
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall St ends down as Apple  biotechs weigh " "April 30 U.S. stocks sold off on Thursday  pushing the Nasdaq down for a fourth day  as Apple shares declined and earnings results in other tech and biotech names disappointed."
"US STOCKS-Wall St drops with tech shares; indexes up for month " "* Indexes down: Dow 1.1 pct  S&P 1 pct  Nasdaq 1.6 pct   (Updates to close)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St drops with tech shares; LinkedIn falls late " "* Indexes down: Dow 1.1 pct  S&P 1 pct  Nasdaq 1.6 pct   (Updates close with LinkedIn  solar company shares down after the bell  Gilead up  small caps down  new quote)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St drops with tech shares; Nasdaq down for 4th day " "* Indexes down: Dow 1.4 pct  S&P 1.3 pct  Nasdaq 1.9 pct   (Updates to late afternoon)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St falls on mixed economic data; Apple weighs " "* Indexes down: Dow 0.5 pct  S&P 0.5 pct  Nasdaq 0.9 pct   (Changes comment  updates prices)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St falls on mixed economic data; Apple weighs " "* Indexes down: Dow 0.6 pct  S&P 0.6 pct  Nasdaq 1 pct   (Updates to early afternoon)"
"Apple eyes yen-denominated bond " "LONDON  May 1 (IFR) - Apple will start calls with fixed-income investors from May 7 ahead of a potential yen-denominated bond deal  according to a lead."
"US STOCKS-Wall St opens higher as tech  health stocks rebound " "* Indexes up: Dow 0.7 pct  S&P 0.6 pct  Nasdaq 0.8 pct   (Updates to open)"
"Wall St. ends up sharply as investors buy beaten-down shares " "U.S. stocks bounced back sharply on Friday as investors snapped up beaten-down shares in the healthcare and technology sectors  and as data gave further signs of a pickup in the economy. | Video "
"GE ties up with Qualcomm  Apple in new lighting business bet " "General Electric Co on Monday announced collaborations with Qualcomm Inc and Apple Inc as it uses digital technology and the growing appetite for data to reinvigorate its 130-year-old lighting business."
"GE ties up with Qualcomm  Apple in new lighting business bet " "May 4 General Electric Co on Monday announced collaborations with Qualcomm Inc and Apple Inc as it uses digital technology and the growing appetite for data to reinvigorate its 130-year-old lighting business."
"EU's Vestager says will not complete tax inquiries in Q2 " "BRUSSELS  May 5 European Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager said on Tuesday she would no longer be able to finalise investigations into tax treatment for Apple  Starbucks  Fiat and Amazon  in the second quarter as planned."
"EU's Vestager says will not complete tax inquiries in Second quarter " "BRUSSELS European Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager said on Tuesday she would no longer be able to finalize investigations into tax treatment for Apple  Starbucks  Fiat and Amazon in the second quarter as planned."
"UPDATE 1-EU to delay decisions on tax deals with multinationals " "BRUSSELS  May 5 EU regulators will miss a June deadline to decide whether tax deals granted by individual member states to companies including Apple and Starbucks are legal because they lack some data  the EU's antitrust chief said on Tuesday."
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks slide as bond yields rise and US dollar slumps " "* Crude oil hits 2015 peak on lower U.S. inventory   (Updates market action to close  adds quote)"
"Swatch CEO says will release new battery for watches  cars -paper " "ZURICH  May 6 Switzerland's Swatch Group  plans to release a new long-life battery for smartwatches in 2016  the watchmaker's chief executive told a Swiss newspaper."
"TREASURIES-Prices pressured by bond markets sell off  Apple debt deal " "NEW YORK  May 6 U.S. Treasuries fell on Wednesday  weighed down by a global slide in government bond markets that is pushing yields to 2015 peaks and competing corporate bond sales by Apple Inc and others."
"TREASURIES-Prices slip as bond markets sell off; 30-year yield tops 3 percent " "* Thirty-year yield over 3 percent for first time since December"
"TREASURIES-Prices slip as bond markets sell off  Apple debt deal debuts " "* Traders await U.S. jobs data   (Adds late prices  details of corporate deals)"
"US STOCKS-Yellen warning  interest rate anxiety send Wall St lower " "* Yellen: Risks ""moderated  not elevated "" no bubbles forming"
"BRIEF-Ericsson asserts patents against Apple in Germany  U.K. and the Netherlands " "STOCKHOLM  May 8 ERICSSON :  * ERICSSON asserts patents against Apple in Germany  the UK and The Netherlands  * Says has filed suits in Germany  the United Kingdom and The"
"Ericsson extends patent suits against Apple to Europe " "STOCKHOLM  May 8 Swedish mobile telecom equipment maker Ericsson has filed lawsuits in Germany  Britain and the Netherlands against Apple over technology licence payments  Ericsson said on Friday."
"Ericsson extends patent suits against Apple to Europe " "STOCKHOLM Swedish telecom equipment maker Ericsson has filed lawsuits in Germany  Britain and the Netherlands against Apple over technology licence payments  Ericsson said on Friday  extending a U.S. battle between the firms to Europe."
"Ericsson extends patent suits against Apple to Europe " "STOCKHOLM Swedish telecom equipment maker Ericsson has filed lawsuits in Germany  Britain and the Netherlands against Apple over technology license payments  Ericsson said on Friday  extending a U.S. battle between the firms to Europe."
"UPDATE 1-Ericsson extends patent suits against Apple to Europe " "STOCKHOLM  May 8 Swedish telecom equipment maker Ericsson has filed lawsuits in Germany  Britain and the Netherlands against Apple over technology licence payments  Ericsson said on Friday  extending a U.S. battle between the firms to Europe."
"UPDATE 1-Fiat Chrysler CEO says met with Tesla  Apple CEOs " "OAKVILLE  Ontario  May 9 Fiat Chrysler  Chief Executive Sergio Marchionne said on Saturday that he had visited the heads of Tesla Motors Inc and Apple Inc  during a recent trip to California."
"Borrowers warned: Don't be fooled by high grade market resilience " "NEW YORK  May 11 (IFR) - Apple  Shell and AbbVie blitzed the US bond market last week with a combined US$34bn of jumbo bond deals in just two days  bringing the week's tally to US$52bn  the fourth-largest of all time."
"Chinese smartphone market  world's largest  shrinks in first-quarter: study " "BEIJING China's smartphone market has reached saturation  according to a new study by industry analyst IDC that carries potentially significant implications for the global handset industry led by giants like Apple Inc  and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd ."
"Chinese smartphone market  world's largest  shrinks in Q1 -study " "BEIJING  May 11 China's smartphone market has reached saturation  according to a new study by industry analyst IDC that carries potentially significant implications for the global handset industry led by giants like Apple Inc  and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd."
"UPDATE 2-Sharp may slash capital  issue preferred shares; stock dives " "* Slashing capital would wipe accumulated losses off its books"
"US STOCKS-Wall St mixed on Greece  China worries; energy stocks down " "* Indexes: Dow down 0.08 pct  S&P up 0.05 pct  Nasdaq up 0.1 pct   (Adds details  changes comment  updates prices)"
"US STOCKS-Wall Street dips on global worries; oil stocks trickle lower " "* Indexes: Dow down 0.4 pct  S&P down 0.3 pct  Nasdaq flat   (Updates to mid-afternoon)"
"US STOCKS-Wall Street ends down on global jitters; oil stocks lower " "* Indexes end lower: Dow 0.5 pct  S&P 0.5 pct  Nasdaq 0.2 pct   (Updates to close  adds detail  comment)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St slips on Greece  China worries; energy stocks lower " "* Indexes: Dow down 0.3 pct  S&P down 0.3 pct  Nasdaq up 0.03 pct   (Updates to early afternoon)"
"Cook says Apple in talks with Alibaba over Apple Pay in China - Xinhua " "SHANGHAI  May 12 Apple Inc is in talks with Chinese banks and Alibaba Group Holding Ltd on launching the firm's mobile payments system in China  Chief Executive Tim Cook told the official Xinhua news agency in an interview published on Tuesday."
"Apple  A123 close to settling battery hiring lawsuit " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc  and electric battery maker A123 Systems are close to settling a legal dispute over claims that the smartphone and computer maker  which is also looking into building an electric vehicle  poached A123 employees to build a large-scale battery unit."
"Apple  A123 close to settling battery hiring lawsuit " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc and electric battery maker A123 Systems are close to settling a legal dispute over claims that the smartphone and computer maker  which is also looking into building an electric vehicle  poached A123 employees to build a large-scale battery unit."
"Apple  A123 close to settling battery hiring lawsuit " "SAN FRANCISCO  May 13 Apple Inc and electric battery maker A123 Systems are close to settling a legal dispute over claims that the smartphone and computer maker  which is also looking into building an electric vehicle  poached A123 employees to build a large-scale battery unit."
"UPDATE 1-Renishaw's third-quarter profit soars on Asia boost " "May 13 British precision engineering company Renishaw Plc's pretax profit more than tripled in the third quarter as it saw continued growth in its Asia-Pacific markets."
"Apple urges Federal Circuit to find Samsung infringed more patents " "Apple Inc has asked a U.S. appeals court to let stand a $120 million jury verdict against arch rival Samsung Electronics for infringing three of Apple's smartphone patents  and reverse the finding that Samsung did not infringe two others."
"Fund managers make big bet on high-end malls via Simon " "NEW YORK Even as the rise of online retailers such as Amazon.com Inc leads analysts to predict the eventual death of the American shopping mall  real estate fund managers are betting some will prosper – if they can lure the right kind of consumer."
"US STOCKS-Wall St rises as jobless claims fall  dollar weakens " "* Indexes up: Dow 0.8 pct  S&P 0.7 pct  Nasdaq 0.9 pct   (Adds details  changes comment  updates prices)"
"Accessories for Apple's HomeKit to hit stores next month " "The first batch of home automation accessories  such as thermostats and garage door openers  compatible with Apple Inc’s software platform will go on sale in June  the tech company said Thursday."
"At Sharp  decline marked by over-confidence  drift " " "
"At Sharp  decline marked by over-confidence  drift " "TOKYO In private conversations early last year  executives at Japanese display maker Sharp Corp dubbed their new client ""winning horse""  reckoning fast-growing Chinese smartphone maker   Xiaomi would be a sure and lucrative bet."
"HIGHLIGHTS-Top U.S. hedge funds continue to dump Apple  stakes " "NEW YORK  May 15 Top U.S. hedge fund management firms  including Leon Cooperman's Omega Advisors and Philippe Laffont's Coatue Management  continued to reduce or slash stakes altogether in Apple Inc during the first quarter  according to regulatory filings."
"NYSE investigating technical glitch in options market " "NEW YORK  May 15 NYSE Amex Options said on Friday it was investigating a technical issue involving the symbol range A through AZO  but excluding Apple Inc."
"NYSE investigating technical glitch in options market " "NEW YORK NYSE Amex Options said on Friday it was investigating a technical issue involving the symbol range A through AZO  but excluding Apple Inc ."
"Top U.S. hedge funds continued to dump Apple amid rally " "NEW YORK Top U.S. hedge fund management firms  including Leon Cooperman's Omega Advisors and Philippe Laffont's Coatue Management  continued to reduce or slash stakes altogether in Apple Inc  during the first quarter  as shares of the iPhone maker rallied."
"Top U.S. hedge funds continue to dump Apple stakes amid rally " "NEW YORK  May 15 Top U.S. hedge fund management firms  including Leon Cooperman's Omega Advisors and Philippe Laffont's Coatue Management  continued to reduce or slash stakes altogether in Apple Inc during the first quarter  as shares of the iPhone maker rallied."
"UPDATE 1-Top U.S. hedge funds continued to dump Apple amid rally " "NEW YORK  May 15 Top U.S. hedge fund management firms  including Leon Cooperman's Omega Advisors and Philippe Laffont's Coatue Management  continued to reduce or slash stakes altogether in Apple Inc during the first quarter  as shares of the iPhone maker rallied."
"Apple gets partial win on appeal in Samsung patent case " "NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc was handed a mixed ruling by a U.S. appeals court in the latest twist in a blockbuster intellectual property battle with Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  as a prior patent infringement verdict was upheld but a trademark finding that the iPhone's appearance could be protected was thrown out."
"Icahn says Apple shares ""still dramatically undervalued"" " "May 18 Apple Inc remains ""dramatically undervalued""  activist investor Carl Icahn said on Monday  adding that it was time for the iPhone maker to execute a much larger share buyback."
"Icahn says 'dramatically undervalued' Apple should trade at $240 " "Billionaire investor Carl Icahn said on Monday Apple Inc's  stock was ""still dramatically undervalued"" and that it should be trading at $240  nearly double its current price."
"UPDATE 2-Icahn says ""dramatically undervalued"" Apple should trade at $240 " "May 18 Billionaire investor Carl Icahn said on Monday Apple Inc's stock was ""still dramatically undervalued"" and that it should be trading at $240  nearly double its current price."
"UPDATE 3-Apple gets partial win on appeal in Samsung patent case " "NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO  May 18 Apple Inc  was handed a mixed ruling by a U.S. appeals court in the latest twist in a blockbuster intellectual property battle with Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  as a prior patent infringement verdict was upheld but a trademark finding that the iPhone's appearance could be protected was thrown out."
"US appeals court reverses part of Apple's $930 mln verdict vs Samsung " "NEW YORK  May 18 A U.S. appeals court on Monday reversed part of the $930 million verdict that Apple Inc  won in 2012 against Samsung Electronics Co Ltd   saying the iPhone maker's trade dress could not be protected."
"US STOCKS-Dow  S&P close at record highs as rate-hike angst abates " "* Indexes end higher: Dow 0.1 pct  S&P 0.3 pct  Nasdaq 0.6 pct   (Updates to close  adds detail on index returns  valuations)"
"US STOCKS-Dow  S&P hit record highs as rate-hike worries fade " "* Indexes up: Dow 0.2 pct  S&P 0.3 pct  Nasdaq 0.6 pct   (Updates to mid-afternoon)"
"US STOCKS-Dow  S&P touch record highs " "* Indexes up: Dow 0.08 pct  S&P 0.2 pct  Nasdaq 0.4 pct   (Updates to afternoon)"
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Dow  S&P 500 end at record highs; Apple gains " "NEW YORK  May 18 The Dow and S&P 500 ended at record highs on Monday  helped by a rally in Apple as well as weak economic data suggesting the Federal Reserve may wait to raise interest rates."
"Apple gets partial win on appeal in Samsung patent case " "NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc was handed a mixed ruling by a U.S. appeals court in the latest twist in a blockbuster intellectual property battle with Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  as a prior patent infringement verdict was upheld but a trademark finding that the iPhone's appearance could be protected was thrown out."
"BRIEF-Tomtom extends Apple agreement " " "
"Carl Icahn and son say Apple will still introduce TV  car: CNBC " "Billionaire activist investor Carl Icahn and Brett Icahn  his son and portfolio manager  on Tuesday stuck to their views that Apple Inc  would introduce a television set and a car."
"CORRECTED-UPDATE 1-TomTom shares jump after Apple renews digital maps contract " "AMSTERDAM  May 19 Dutch navigation systems company TomTom NV said Apple Inc would continue to buy its digital maps  giving a vote of confidence that sent the Dutch company's shares more than 7 percent higher to a near six-year high."
"Icahn says Apple will still introduce TV - CNBC " "NEW YORK  May 19 Billionaire activist investor Carl Icahn and Brett Icahn  his son and portfolio manager  on Tuesday stuck to their views that Apple Inc would introduce a television and a car."
"TomTom says contract with Apple extended " "AMSTERDAM  May 19 Dutch navigation company TomTom has extended its agreement with Apple  it said on Tuesday without providing further details."
"TomTom shares jump after Apple renews digital maps contract " "AMSTERDAM Dutch navigation systems company TomTom NV said Apple Inc would continue to buy its digital maps  giving a vote confidence that sent the Dutch company's shares more than 7 percent higher to a near six-year high."
"UPDATE 1-Alibaba's Ma says Kering lawsuit 'regrettable' " "* Alibaba's Ma says in talks with Apple over payment system   (Adds more comments from Ma  background)"
"UPDATE 1-Carl Icahn and son say Apple will still introduce TV  car - CNBC " "May 19 Billionaire activist investor Carl Icahn and Brett Icahn  his son and portfolio manager  on Tuesday stuck to their views that Apple Inc would introduce a television set and a car."
"UPDATE 4-Apple gets partial win on appeal in Samsung patent case " "NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO  May 18 Apple Inc  was handed a mixed ruling by a U.S. appeals court in the latest twist in a blockbuster intellectual property battle with Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  as a prior patent infringement verdict was upheld but a trademark finding that the iPhone's appearance could be protected was thrown out."
"Apple  Android app makers cool to Microsoft overtures " "SEATTLE Microsoft's plan to make its new version of Windows a mobile hit by letting it accept tweaked Apple and Android apps has met an obstacle: some of the software developers the company needs to woo just aren't interested."
"INSIGHT-Apple  Android app makers cool to Microsoft overtures " "SEATTLE  May 20 Microsoft's plan to make its new version of Windows a mobile hit by letting it accept tweaked Apple and Android apps has met an obstacle: some of the software developers the company needs to woo just aren't interested."
"Insight: Apple  Android app makers cool to Microsoft overtures " "SEATTLE Microsoft's plan to make its new version of Windows a mobile hit by letting it accept tweaked Apple and Android apps has met an obstacle: some of the software developers the company needs to woo just aren't interested."
"RPT - INSIGHT-Apple  Android app makers cool to Microsoft overtures " "SEATTLE  May 20 Microsoft's plan to make its new version of Windows a mobile hit by letting it accept tweaked Apple and Android apps has met an obstacle: some of the software developers the company needs to woo just aren't interested."
"Carl Icahn says underweight Apple bets will hurt funds' performance " "NEW YORK Billionaire activist investor Carl Icahn said Thursday that mutual funds will increasingly realize that being underweight shares of Apple will hurt their performance as the technology giant continues to innovate."
"Carl Icahn says underweight Apple bets will hurt funds' performance " "NEW YORK  May 21 Billionaire activist investor Carl Icahn said Thursday that mutual funds will increasingly realize that being underweight shares of Apple will hurt their performance."
"In China  firms flash green credentials as regulators loom " "SHANGHAI Apple Inc  is planting trees  Mars may move to 'zero carbon' and Foxconn Technology Co Ltd  is spending millions of dollars to give its factories a 'green' makeover  as companies operating in China face tighter rules on pollution."
"In China  firms flash green credentials as regulators loom " "SHANGHAI Apple Inc is planting trees  Mars may move to 'zero carbon' and Foxconn Technology Co Ltd is spending millions of dollars to give its factories a 'green' makeover  as companies operating in China face tighter rules on pollution."
"In China  firms flash green credentials as regulators loom " "SHANGHAI  May 22 Apple Inc is planting trees  Mars may move to 'zero carbon' and Foxconn Technology Co Ltd is spending millions of dollars to give its factories a 'green' makeover  as companies operating in China face tighter rules on pollution."
"In dispute with Apple  SightSound urges judicial review of nixed patents " "SightSound Technologies LLC has reached back to the early 19th century and one of the U.S. Supreme Court's most important decisions to argue that the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office went beyond its authority in canceling the company's patents using the wrong process."
"UPDATE 2-Carmakers team up with General Atlantic to bid for Nokia map firm - sources " "* German automakers team with General Atlantic on Nokia HERE bid"
"Fiat Chrysler CEO approached GM about a merger  was rebuffed -NYT " "May 23 As part of his quest for a mega merger  Fiat Chrysler Automobiles  Chief Executive Sergio Marchionne sent an email to General Motors Co Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra in March suggesting combining the automakers but was rebuffed  the New York Times reported on Saturday."
"Fire extinguished at Apple site in Arizona - local ABC station " "LOS ANGELES Firefighters fought a blaze that erupted at an Apple Inc facility in Mesa  Arizona on Tuesday  local station ABC15 reported."
"U.S. health group PureTech seeks $160 mln in London listing " "LONDON  May 26 Boston-based PureTech Health plans to raise $160 million in a London listing  filling its coffers to fund product development and delivering a vote of confidence in the British life sciences sector."
"US STOCKS-U.S. stocks fall the most in three weeks as dollar soars " "* Indexes gains for month fall below 2 pct   (Adds details  changes comment  updates prices)"
"US STOCKS-U.S. stocks off sharply as dollar rallies " "* Indexes gains for month fall below 2 pct   (Updates to early afternoon)"
"Apple SVP says car is 'ultimate mobile device' " "RANCHOS PALOS VERDES  Calif A senior Apple executive said developing a car would be the ""ultimate mobile device"" when asked about new products at a technology conference on Wednesday."
"CBS CEO said met with Apple to discuss TV deal " "RANCHOS PALOS VERDES  Calif CBS Corp  CEO Leslie Moonves met with Apple Inc  last week to discuss a TV deal  he said at a technology conference Wednesday  and that discussions and negotiations for such a deal are ongoing."
"CBS CEO said met with Apple to discuss TV deal " "RANCHOS PALOS VERDES  Calif. May 27 CBS Corp  CEO Leslie Moonves met with Apple Inc last week to discuss a TV deal  he said at a technology conference Wednesday  and that discussions and negotiations for such a deal are ongoing."
"Apple fails to disqualify antitrust monitor in e-books case " "NEW YORK A federal appeals court on Thursday rejected Apple Inc's  bid to disqualify an antitrust compliance monitor appointed after the technology company was found liable for conspiring with five publishers to raise e-book prices."
"Apple loses bid to disqualify antitrust monitor - U.S. court " "A federal appeals court on Thursday rejected Apple Inc's bid to disqualify an antitrust compliance monitor appointed after the technology company was found liable for conspiring with five publishers to raise e-book prices."
"Apple loses bid to disqualify antitrust monitor--US court " "NEW YORK  May 28 A federal appeals court on Thursday rejected Apple Inc's bid to disqualify an antitrust compliance monitor who was appointed after the company was found liable for conspiring with publishers to raise the prices of e-books."
"UPDATE 3-Apple fails to disqualify antitrust monitor in e-books case " "NEW YORK  May 28 A federal appeals court on Thursday rejected Apple Inc's bid to disqualify an antitrust compliance monitor appointed after the technology company was found liable for conspiring with five publishers to raise e-book prices."
"Apple buys German augmented-reality software maker Metaio " "FRANKFURT Apple Inc  has acquired Metaio  a German company whose technology melds real-world imagery and computer-generated elements into moving video presentations  according to a corporate filing."
"Apple buys German augmented-reality software maker Metaio " "FRANKFURT  May 29 Apple Inc has acquired Metaio  a German company whose software melds the physical world and computer-generated elements into video displays  according to a corporate filing that surfaced on Thursday. The terms were not disclosed."
"Apple escapes trial on Find My iPhone feature  at least for now " "Apple Inc has managed to avoid a trial in a dispute with patent licensor Unwired Planet LLC over an iPhone feature that helps users relocate their lost or stolen device  just days before it was set to begin."
"UPDATE 1-Apple buys German augmented-reality software maker Metaio " "FRANKFURT  May 29 Apple Inc has acquired Metaio  a German company whose technology melds real-world imagery and computer-generated elements into moving video presentations  according to a corporate filing."
"$100 000 check awaits mystery recycler of rare Apple 1 computer " "A $100 000 check is waiting for a mystery woman who donated a rare Apple 1 computer to a Silicon Valley recycling firm."
"$100 000 check awaits mystery recycler of rare Apple 1 computer " "May 31 A $100 000 check is waiting for a mystery woman who donated a rare Apple 1 computer to a Silicon Valley recycling firm."
"A $100 000 check awaits mystery recycler of rare Apple 1 computer " "A $100 000 check is waiting for a mystery woman who donated a rare Apple 1 computer to a Silicon Valley recycling firm."
"UPDATE 1-$100 000 check awaits mystery recycler of rare Apple 1 computer " "May 31 A $100 000 check is waiting for a mystery woman who donated a rare Apple 1 computer to a Silicon Valley recycling firm."
"Smartphone rivals Apple  Samsung fight common enemy with appeal " "Fighting side by side for a change  Apple and Samsung on Monday said they will appeal a ruling by a Texas federal judge who refused to halt patent holder Smartflash LLC from pursuing its cases against them while its patents are scrutinized by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office."
"Lenovo replaces head of smartphone division as sales slump in China " "BEIJING  June 2 Lenovo Group Ltd has replaced the head of its smartphone unit  a critical business division that has seen its China sales tumble as Apple Inc  and other high-end phone makers win over customers with sleeker product offerings."
"Apple recalls Beats Pill XL speakers " "Apple Inc said it is recalling Beats Pill XL portable wireless speakers due to a fire hazard from overheating batteries."
"Apple recalls Beats Pill XL speakers " "June 3 Apple Inc said it is recalling Beats Pill XL portable wireless speakers due to a fire hazard from overheating batteries."
"Apple recalls some Beats Pill XL speakers " "Apple Inc said it is recalling some Beats Pill XL portable wireless speakers due to a fire hazard caused by overheating batteries."
"UPDATE 1-Apple recalls some Beats Pill XL speakers " "June 3 Apple Inc said it is recalling some Beats Pill XL portable wireless speakers due to a fire hazard caused by overheating batteries."
"UPDATE 1-CBS's Showtime streaming service to start in July " "June 3 CBS Corp said its Showtime network will start streaming programs on Apple Inc  devices on July 12  coinciding with the new seasons of ""Masters of Sex"" and ""Ray Donovan""."
"Apple to launch watch in 7 more countries from June 26 " "June 4 Apple Inc said it would launch its watch in seven more countries  including Italy  Mexico  Spain and South Korea  from June 26  as demand surpasses expectations ""in every way""."
"Apple Watch to hit retail stores on June 26 " "Apple Inc said it would start selling some models of its watch at its retail stores this month  and also roll out the gadget in seven more countries."
"Only bigger platform would prompt Spotify owner Ek to sell: DN " "STOCKHOLM Daniel Ek  founder of Spotify  would only consider selling the online music streaming service if it meant a bigger platform for its music  he told Swedish daily Dagens Nyheter."
"UPDATE 2-Apple Watch to hit retail stores on June 26 " "June 4 Apple Inc said it would start selling some models of its watch at its retail stores this month  and also roll out the gadget in seven more countries."
"Exclusive: In 'year of Apple Pay'  many top retailers remain skeptical " "CHICAGO In a January earnings call with investors  Apple Inc  Chief Executive Tim Cook made a confident prediction: ""2015 will be the year of Apple Pay "" he said. | Video "
"Apple set to introduce Apple Pay in Britain: Telegraph " "Apple is planning to introduce its mobile payment system  Apple Pay  to Britain this summer  The Telegraph reported on Saturday  citing industry sources."
"Apple set to introduce Apple Pay in Britain -Telegraph " "June 6 Apple is planning to introduce its mobile payment system  Apple Pay  to Britain this summer  The Telegraph reported on Saturday  citing industry sources."
"Exclusive: In 'year of Apple Pay'  many top retailers remain skeptical " "CHICAGO In a January earnings call with investors  Apple Inc  Chief Executive Tim Cook made a confident prediction: ""2015 will be the year of Apple Pay "" he said. | Video "
"No transaction fee for Google on mobile phone payments -WSJ " "June 6 Google's new mobile phone payment service  Android Pay  will not garner any transaction fees from credit card companies  which may put pressure on competitor Apple to drop or lower its charges  the Wall Street Journal reported."
"Apple set to introduce Apple Pay in Britain -Telegraph " "Apple is planning to introduce its mobile payment system  Apple Pay  to Britain this summer  The Telegraph reported on Saturday  citing industry sources."
"Apple set to introduce Apple Pay in Britain: Telegraph " "Apple is planning to introduce its mobile payment system  Apple Pay  to Britain this summer  The Telegraph reported on Saturday  citing industry sources."
"Sony Music CEO confirms launch of Apple's music streaming Monday -VentureBeat " "NEW YORK  June 7 Apple Inc will announce its new music streaming service on Monday  according to remarks by the chief executive of Sony Music  Doug Morris  VentureBeat reported on Sunday."
"Apple expected to focus on watch  music at developer conference " "June 8 Apple is expected to unveil a new music service and better tools to build apps for its smartwatch at its annual gathering of developers in San Francisco on Monday."
"Apple hit with patent lawsuit over Apple Watch " "Apple Inc  a frequent target of patent infringement lawsuits over its iPhone and iPad devices  now faces intellectual property claims on its newest product  the Apple Watch."
"Apple muscles into streaming music market " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple launched Apple Music on Monday  a $9.99-a-month streaming music service that may not differ dramatically from competitors but comes with Apple's deep music roots  global brand and hundreds of millions of iTunes customers. | Video "
"Apple muscles into streaming music market " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple launched Apple Music on Monday  a $9.99-a-month streaming music service that may not differ dramatically from competitors but comes with Apple's deep music roots  global brand and hundreds of millions of iTunes customers. | Video "
"Apple said to build high-speed data network: Bloomberg " "Apple Inc is setting up a high-speed network and upgrading how it builds data centers  to compete better with Amazon.com Inc  Google Inc and Microsoft Corp in cloud services  Bloomberg reported  citing people familiar with the plans."
"Apple to offer Apple Pay in UK in July  backed by banks  retailers " "BERLIN Apple Inc plans to introduce its mobile payments service to the UK next month  supported by major banks and high-street retailers and the operator of the London Underground  the technology company said on Monday."
"Apple to offer Apple Pay in UK in July  backed by banks  retailers " "BERLIN  June 8 Apple Inc plans to introduce its mobile payments service to the UK next month  supported by major banks and high-street retailers and the operator of the London Underground  the technology company said on Monday."
"UPDATE 6-Apple muscles into streaming music market " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 8 Apple launched Apple Music on Monday  a $9.99-a-month streaming music service that may not differ dramatically from competitors but comes with Apple's deep music roots  global brand and hundreds of millions of iTunes customers."
"US STOCKS-Wall St down on rate hike timing worries " "* Indexes down: Dow 0.23 pct  S&P 0.34 pct  Nasdaq 0.59 pct   (Updates to early afternoon)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St loses ground as investors eye September rate hike " "* Indexes down: Dow 0.33 pct  S&P 0.50 pct  Nasdaq 0.94 pct   (Updates to mid-afternoon)"
"Sony expects image sensor sales to grow around 20 pct this year " "TOKYO  June 9 Sony Corp expects sales of its image sensors to increase by 100 billion yen ($804 million) to around 550 billion yen in the current business year through next March due to strong demand from Apple Inc  and other high-end smartphone makers  a senior executive said on Tuesday."
"Top stock picks split on generational lines " " (The writer is a Reuters contributor. The opinions expressed are his own.)"
"TSMC says sees 2015 revenue growth ""in the teens"" " "TAIPEI  June 9 Chipmaker Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co Ltd (TSMC) expects revenue growth ""in the teens"" this year due to strong smartphone sales and the growing popularity of the Internet of Things  Chairman Morris Chang said."
"UK Stocks-Factors to watch on June 9 " "LONDON  June 9 Britain's FTSE 100 futures contract fell 0.2 percent on Tuesday  according to financial bookmakers. For more on the factors affecting European stocks  please click on"
"UPDATE 1-TSMC says annual revenue growth pace to slide from 2014's surge " "TAIPEI  June 9 Chipmaker Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co Ltd (TSMC) expects this year's percentage revenue growth to slip to ""the teens"" this year from a heady 28 percent in 2014  as the firm soaks up a likely loss of business from some key customers."
"UPDATE 2-Sony aims for more clients  20 pct sales growth in image sensors " "* Head of sensors says unit's now-prominent role ""unexpected""   (Adds further executive comments  context)"
"US STOCKS-Dow  S&P 500 inch higher with financial  energy shares " "* Indexes: Dow up 0.1 pct  S&P up 0.1 pct  Nasdaq down 0.1 pct   (Updates to late afternoon)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St little changed after more strong economic data " "* Indexes: Dow up 0.11 pct  S&P up 0.12 pct  Nasdaq down 0.25 pct   (Updates to early afternoon)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St mixed as expectations grow for Sept rate hike " "* Indexes: Dow up 0.1 pct  S&P up 0.09 pct  Nasdaq down 0.36 pct   (Adds details  changes comment  updates prices)"
"YOUR MONEY-Top stock picks split on generational lines " "NEW YORK  June 9 It seems America's youth have found a hero  and he is 84 years old."
"Apple drives vehicles to collect data to improve Maps " "Apple Inc said it was driving vehicles around the world to collect data that will be used to improve Apple Maps."
"Apple drives vehicles to collect data to improve Maps " "June 10 Apple Inc said it was driving vehicles around the world to collect data that will be used to improve Apple Maps."
"Apple Music cautiously embraced by record industry " "SAN FRANCISCO A decade ago  Apple Inc helped revitalize a music industry hit hard by online piracy with its iTunes Store. Now  amid a steady slump in digital downloads  the industry is hopeful that the tech giant's new streaming service will give record companies another desperately needed boost. | Video "
"Apple Music cautiously embraced by record industry " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 10 A decade ago  Apple Inc  helped revitalize a music industry hit hard by online piracy with its iTunes Store. Now  amid a steady slump in digital downloads  the industry is hopeful that the tech giant's new streaming service will give record companies another desperately needed boost."
"Apple Music faces antitrust scrutiny in NY  Connecticut: NYT " "Attorneys general in New York and Connecticut are investigating whether the deals that Apple Inc has struck with music companies for its new streaming service violate antitrust laws  the New York Times reported. | Video "
"Apple's main contractors leave Spaceship campus project: report " "Apple Inc will no longer be working with lead construction firms DPR Construction Inc and Skanska USA on its new ""Spaceship"" campus  the Silicon Valley Business Journal reported on Tuesday."
"Apple's main contractors leave Spaceship campus project - report " "June 11 Apple Inc will no longer be working with lead construction firms DPR Construction Inc and Skanska USA on its new ""Spaceship"" campus  the Silicon Valley Business Journal reported on Tuesday."
"EU tax probes on Apple  Amazon  Starbucks at advanced stage: European Commission " "BRUSSELS EU regulators' investigations into the low tax arrangements of Apple   Starbucks  and Amazon  in some member states are at an advanced stage and decisions could be announced in the coming months  a senior European Commission official said on Thursday."
"EU tax probes on Apple  Amazon  Starbucks at advanced stage -European Commission " "BRUSSELS  June 11 EU regulators' investigations into the low tax arrangements of Apple  Starbucks  and Amazon in some member states are at an advanced stage and decisions could be announced in the coming months  a senior European Commission official said on Thursday."
"EU tax probes on Apple  Amazon  Starbucks at advanced stage - European Commission " "EU regulators' investigations into the low tax arrangements of Apple  Starbucks and Amazon  in some member states are at an advanced stage and decisions could be announced in the coming months  a senior European Commission official said on Thursday."
"iPhone maker Foxconn in talks to build first Apple plant in India " "MUMBAI Foxconn Technology is in talks to manufacture Apple's iPhone in India  government officials said  in a move that could lower prices in the world's No.3 smartphone market where the U.S. firm trails Samsung Electronics and local players."
"iPhone maker Foxconn in talks to build first Apple plant in India " "MUMBAI  June 11 Foxconn Technology is in talks to manufacture Apple's iPhone in India  government officials said  in a move that could lower prices in the world's No.3 smartphone market where the U.S. firm trails Samsung Electronics and local players."
"Tim Cook received complaints on Apple's bag check policy " "SAN FRANCISCO At least two Apple Inc retail store workers complained directly to Chief Executive Tim Cook that the company's policy of checking retail employees' bags as a security precaution was embarrassing and demeaning  according to a court filing made public on Wednesday."
"UPDATE 1-Apple's main contractors leave Spaceship campus project - report " "June 11 Apple Inc will no longer be working with lead construction firms DPR Construction Inc and Skanska USA on its new ""Spaceship"" campus  the Silicon Valley Business Journal reported on Tuesday."
"US STOCKS-Wall St opens lower as Greek crisis weighs " "* May producer prices record biggest gain in more than 2-1/2 years"
"Apple to pay 70 percent of music subscription revenue to labels  publishers " "Apple Inc said it would pay more than 70 percent revenue from music subscriptions to music owners."
"EU executive to propose common tax base for multinationals - again " "LONDON Four years after failing in an initial attempt at common company tax rules across Europe  the EU is set to have a second go as it tries to tackle the low-tax arrangements of some states that have benefited the likes of Amazon  Starbucks and Apple."
"EU executive to propose common tax base for multinationals - again " "LONDON  June 16 Four years after failing in an initial attempt at common company tax rules across Europe  the EU is set to have a second go as it tries to tackle the low-tax arrangements of some states that have benefited the likes of Amazon  Starbucks and Apple."
"Apple loses Taiwan anti-competitive practices court case " "TAIPEI Apple Inc  has lost a lawsuit in which it was accused of engaging in anti-competitive practices and will be fined T$20 million ($647 124)  a Taiwan court said on Wednesday."
"Apple loses Taiwan anti-competitive practices court case " "TAIPEI Apple Inc has lost a lawsuit in which it was accused of engaging in anti-competitive practices and will be fined T$20 million ($647 124)  a Taiwan court said on Wednesday."
"Apple loses Taiwan anti-competitive practices court case " "TAIPEI  June 17 Apple Inc has lost a lawsuit in which it was accused of engaging in anti-competitive practices and will be fined T$20 million ($647 124)  a Taiwan court said on Wednesday."
"US STOCKS-Wall St dips as investors edgy ahead of Fed meet " "* Apple weighs on Nasdaq  S&P; UnitedHealth biggest drag on Dow"
"Exclusive: Apple mines big profits from Watch band " "San Francisco Nearly 20 percent of Apple Watch buyers are not only shelling out hundreds of dollars for the timepiece but are springing for a spare band too  giving the tech giant a profitable second dip into customers' wallets  according to data provided exclusively to Reuters. | Video "
"Exclusive - Apple mines big profits from Watch band " "San Francisco Nearly 20 percent of Apple Watch buyers are not only shelling out hundreds of dollars for the timepiece but are springing for a spare band too  giving the tech giant a profitable second dip into customers' wallets  according to data provided exclusively to Reuters. | Video "
"Front runner: IPO gives Fitbit firepower in crowded market " "June 18 Just as Kleenex has become a generic term for face tissue and Google for online search  Fitbit is fast becoming a byword for wearable fitness gear."
"Front runner: IPO gives Fitbit firepower in crowded market " "Just as Kleenex has become a generic term for face tissue and Google for online search  Fitbit is fast becoming a byword for wearable fitness gear."
"Samsung asks Federal Circuit to further cut Apple's $930 mln patent win " "NEW YORK On the heels of a ruling that could cut a $930 million damages verdict owed to Apple by more than a third  Samsung Electronics Co on Wednesday asked a U.S. appeals court to reduce that figure even more."
"Taiwan's Quanta says examining option of manufacturing in India " "TAIPEI  June 18 Taiwan's Quanta Computer Inc   the world's top contract PC manufacturer which makes laptops and assembles watches for Apple Inc  said on Thursday it is considering establishing a manufacturing base in India."
"Taiwan's Quanta says examining option of manufacturing in India " "TAIPEI Taiwan's Quanta Computer Inc  the world's top contract PC manufacturer which makes laptops and assembles watches for Apple Inc  said on Thursday it is considering establishing a manufacturing base in India."
"Apple bows to Taylor Swift on paying for all music streaming " "Apple Inc reversed its policy and said it would now pay artists during free trials of its new Apple Music streaming service  after pop star Taylor Swift said she would hold back her latest hit album ""1989"" from the service. | Video "
"Apple bows to Taylor Swift on paying for all music streaming " "June 22 Apple Inc reversed its policy and said it would now pay artists during free trials of its new Apple Music streaming service  after pop star Taylor Swift said she would hold back her latest hit album ""1989"" from the service."
"Apple bows to Taylor Swift on paying for all music streaming " "Apple Inc reversed its policy and said it would now pay artists during free trials of its new Apple Music streaming service  after pop star Taylor Swift said she would hold back her latest hit album ""1989"" from the service. | Video "
"Apple's leader on environment to take on expanded role " "June 23 Lisa Jackson  the former chief of the Environmental Protection Agency  will take on an expanded role at Apple Inc  overseeing policy and social initiatives as well as being the company's top environmental executive  the company announced on Tuesday."
"Indie music body endorses Apple's new music streaming service " "Apple Inc's new music streaming service has been endorsed by the Worldwide Independent Network  an association for independent musicians  two days after the company reversed its decision of not paying musicians during a three-month trial."
"Indie music body endorses Apple's new music streaming service " "June 24 Apple Inc's new music streaming service has been endorsed by the Worldwide Independent Network  an association for independent musicians  two days after the company reversed its decision of not paying musicians during a three-month trial."
"Apple removes games featuring confederate flags from App Store " "Apple Inc  has removed several civil war games featuring Confederate flags from its App Store  some game developers said."
"Apple removes games featuring confederate flags from App Store " "June 25 Apple Inc has removed several civil war games featuring Confederate flags from its App Store  some game developers said."
"German utilities shed old skin as new technology dictates change " "FRANKFURT  June 25 Germany's utilities are preparing for their next battle. While  fighting to turn a profit as energy policy hammers their businesses  energy groups now fear technology companies disrupting what has been seen as a safe if worthy sector."
"Hon Hai chairman says to list some China affiliates in mainland " "TAIPEI  June 25 Hon Hai Precision Industry Co Ltd plans to list an unspecified number of its Chinese affiliates on mainland stock exchanges  the chairman of the Taiwanese tech firm said on Thursday."
"REUTERS BUSINESS NEWS SCHEDULE AT 1830 GMT/2:30 PM ET " " "
"Taiwan stocks up; tech  Hon Hai family companies rise " "TAIPEI  June 25 Taiwan stocks rose on Thursday  boosted by a strong showing by the island's key tech sector and companies related to world's No.1 contract electronics manufacturer Hon Hai Precision Industry Co Ltd."
"Taylor Swift to put hit album ""1989"" on Apple Music " "June 25 Pop star Taylor Swift said she would put her latest hit album ""1989"" on Apple Music  days after Apple Inc  did an about-face  agreeing to pay artists during a free trial of its new streaming music service."
"Taylor Swift to put hit album '1989' on Apple Music " "Pop star Taylor Swift said she would put her latest hit album ""1989"" on Apple Music  days after Apple Inc did an about-face  agreeing to pay artists during a free trial of its new streaming music service."
"Apple says critical patent ruling game changer with Smartflash " "Apple Inc has once again stepped up its efforts to overturn a $533-million jury verdict won by patent holder Smartflash LLC  telling a federal judge a recent appeals court ruling makes the Smartflash patents invalid."
"Judge says $4.6 mln in uncashed Apple settlement checks should go to states " "Faced with the unexpected dilemma of what to do with nearly $4.6 million in uncashed checks from a settlement over Apple's alleged warranty breaches  a federal judge in California has decided the funds should be left with states as unclaimed property."
"MEDIA-Apple suppliers start making iPhones with Force Touch - Bloomberg " "Note: Reuters has not verified this story and does not vouch for its accuracy   (Editing by Frances Kerry)"
"Apple conspired to fix e-book prices - U.S. appeals court " "NEW YORK A divided federal appeals court on Tuesday said Apple Inc orchestrated a conspiracy with five publishers to increase e-book prices  in a victory for the U.S. Justice Department."
"Apple conspired to fix e-book prices -U.S. appeals court " "NEW YORK A divided federal appeals court on Tuesday upheld a judge's ruling that Apple Inc had conspired with five publishers to increase e-book prices  in a win for the U.S. Justice Department."
"Capital controls mean Greeks can click  but not buy " "LONDON Monday was the day the music died for thousands of song downloaders and music streamers in Greece."
"Imagination Technologies on track for higher licensing revenues " "LONDON  June 30 Imagination Technologies   which provides graphics technology to Apple  said it was confident of achieving licensing revenue growth of 10 percent this year  a target which reassured investors after a downgrade last year."
"Ryanair to allow Greek customers to pay cash " "DUBLIN Europe's largest low-cost carrier Ryanair  will allow Greek customers to pay with cash after capital controls caused problems with credit card payments on its web site."
"Tiger Management's Robertson says he is 'extremely positive' on Apple -CNBC " "NEW YORK  June 30 Julian Robertson  head of hedge fund Tiger Management  said he was ""extremely positive"" about Apple Inc and that Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook was the ""perfect person"" to lead the company."
"Tiger's Robertson says 'extremely positive' on Apple: CNBC " "NEW YORK Julian Robertson  head of hedge fund Tiger Management  said Tuesday that he was ""extremely positive"" about Apple Inc and that Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook was the ""perfect person"" to lead the company."
"UPDATE 2-Apple conspired to fix e-book prices -U.S. appeals court " "NEW YORK  June 30 A divided federal appeals court on Tuesday upheld a judge's ruling that Apple Inc  had conspired with five publishers to increase e-book prices  in a win for the U.S. Justice Department."
"UPDATE 2-Tiger's Robertson says 'extremely positive' on Apple -CNBC " "NEW YORK  June 30 Julian Robertson  head of hedge fund Tiger Management  said Tuesday that he was ""extremely positive"" about Apple Inc and that Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook was the ""perfect person"" to lead the company."
"BMW manager: could imagine partnerships with IT firms " "MUNICH BMW is open to building cars for other companies such as Google or Apple  the automaker's production chief said on Wednesday  adding that there are currently no such talks."
"BMW production chief says could imagine building a car for Apple " "FRANKFURT  July 1 BMW is open to building cars for other companies such as Google or Apple  the automaker's production chief said on Wednesday."
"Brazil's Rousseff tops off U.S. tour with Silicon Valley visit " " (This July 1 story has been corrected to remove reference to Brazil being second-largest market for Apple) | Video "
"CORRECTED-Brazil's Rousseff tops off U.S. tour with Silicon Valley visit " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 1 Brazil's President Dilma Rousseff capped off her U.S. tour on Wednesday with a visit to Silicon Valley  where she met with top technology executives and took a ride in Google Inc's self-driving car."
"Apple persuades U.S. judge to void $533 million iTunes award " "A federal judge has thrown out a $532.9 million award against Apple Inc and ordered a new trial on damages  in a case where a jury found that the iPhone maker's iTunes software infringed three patents owned by a Texas company."
"Apple persuades U.S. judge to void $533 mln iTunes award " "A federal judge has thrown out a $532.9 million award against Apple Inc and ordered a new trial on damages  in a case where a jury found that the iPhone maker's iTunes software infringed three patents owned by a Texas company."
"Apple plans record initial production of new iPhones: WSJ " "Apple Inc  is preparing for the largest initial production run for its next iPhones by the end of the year  the Wall Street journal reported."
"Apple plans record initial production of new iPhones - WSJ " "July 8 Apple Inc is asking suppliers to manufacture up to 90 million units of two new iPhone models with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch displays by Dec. 31  the Wall Street journal reported."
"German car makers in stand-off with Nokia over bid for maps business HERE - sources " "FRANKFURT Germany's big car makers have reached a stand-off with Nokia in their joint bid to buy the Finnish company's maps business HERE  while rival offers appear to be unraveling  sources familiar with the process said."
"German car makers in stand-off with Nokia over bid for maps business HERE -sources " "FRANKFURT  July 8 Germany's big car makers have reached a stand-off with Nokia in their joint bid to buy the Finnish company's maps business HERE  while rival offers appear to be unravelling  sources familiar with the process said."
"In Gou we trust: Foxconn founder keeps investors in dark  happy for now " "TAIPEI Foxconn founder Terry Gou has a vision of how to rewire the Taiwan firm that builds iPhones to cut dependence on Apple Inc  the client around which he built a $46 billion tech empire. Just don't expect him to tell anyone exactly what it is."
"In Gou we trust: Foxconn founder keeps investors in dark  happy for now " "TAIPEI  July 9 Foxconn founder Terry Gou has a vision of how to rewire the Taiwan firm that builds iPhones to cut dependence on Apple Inc  the client around which he built a $46 billion tech empire. Just don't expect him to tell anyone exactly what it is."
"UPDATE 1-Apple plans record initial production of new iPhones - WSJ " "July 8 Apple Inc is preparing for the largest initial production run for its next iPhones by the end of the year  the Wall Street journal reported."
"UPDATE 2-Apple persuades U.S. judge to void $533 mln iTunes award " "July 8 A federal judge has thrown out a $532.9 million award against Apple Inc and ordered a new trial on damages  in a case where a jury found that the iPhone maker's iTunes software infringed three patents owned by a Texas company."
"China fears propel Apple shares toward five-day losing streak " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc's  stock was heading toward its first five-session losing streak since January on Thursday as investors worried about the economic health of China  a key market for iPhones."
"US STOCKS-China relief fuels Wall St gains; Apple drops " "* Indexes close higher: Dow 0.19 pct  S&P 0.23 pct  Nasdaq 0.26 pct   (Adds detail on volume)"
"US STOCKS-China relief fuels Wall St gains; Apple drops " "* Indexes close higher: Dow 0.19 pct  S&P 0.23 pct  Nasdaq 0.26 pct   (Updates to afternoon trade  adds comment  detail on Apple)"
"China fears propel Apple shares toward five-day losing streak " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc's  stock was heading toward its first five-session losing streak since January on Thursday as investors worried about the economic health of China  a key market for iPhones. | Video "
"FTC exploring Apple rules for streaming music rivals in App Store " "WASHINGTON/SAN FRANCISCO U.S. government antitrust regulators are looking into claims about whether Apple's treatment of rival streaming music apps is illegal under antitrust law  according to three industry sources."
"U.S. FTC exploring Apple rules for streaming music rivals in App Store " "WASHINGTON/SAN FRANCISCO July 10 U.S. government antitrust regulators are looking into claims about whether Apple's treatment of rival streaming music apps is illegal under antitrust law  according to three industry sources."
"RPT-U.S. FTC exploring Apple rules for streaming music rivals in App Store " "WASHINGTON/SAN FRANCISCO July 10 U.S. government antitrust regulators are looking into claims about whether Apple's treatment of rival streaming music apps is illegal under antitrust law  according to three industry sources."
"U.S. FTC exploring Apple rules for streaming music rivals in App Store " "WASHINGTON/SAN FRANCISCO U.S. government antitrust regulators are looking into claims about whether Apple's treatment of rival streaming music apps is illegal under antitrust law  according to three industry sources."
"US STOCKS-Wall St opens higher on Greek debt deal " "* Indexes up: Dow 0.94 pct  S&P 0.79 pct  Nasdaq 0.88 pct   (Updates to open)"
"Apple Pay launches in Britain as holdout Barclays signs up " "LONDON Apple introduced its mobile payments service to Britain on Tuesday as Barclays became the last major UK bank to sign up for the U.S. tech giant's effort to capitalize on the increasing comfort among British consumers with making tap-and-go purchases."
"Apple Pay launches in Britain  with hiccups " "LONDON  July 14 Apple introduced mobile payments in Britain on Tuesday  hoping to make a splash with consumers familiar with using cards for tap-and-go purchases  as resistance from hold-out banks and stores appeared to evaporate."
"UPDATE 2-Apple Pay launches in Britain as holdout Barclays signs up " "* Apple Pay says Britain could become its biggest market   (Adds details regarding lower interchange fees banks pay Apple)"
"Apple launches latest iPod touch " "Apple Inc on Wednesday launched its latest iPod touch gadget at a time when the company is looking to popularize its new music service."
"Apple launches latest iPod touch " "July 15 Apple Inc on Wednesday launched its latest iPod touch gadget at a time when the company is looking to popularize its new music service."
"Apple faces U.S. class-action lawsuit by employees over bag searches " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Store employees who sued Apple Inc  over bag searches at the iPhone maker's 52 brick and mortar outlets in California had their case certified as a class-action by a federal judge on Thursday."
"Apple faces U.S. class-action lawsuit by employees over bag searches " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Store employees who sued Apple Inc over bag searches at the iPhone maker's 52 brick and mortar outlets in California had their case certified as a class-action by a federal judge on Thursday."
"Gemalto shares fall on worries over Apple E-Sim card challenge " "LONDON Gemalto shares fell sharply on Thursday  with traders citing concerns that its SIM card manufacturing business might be impacted if U.S. tech company Apple launched a rival e-Sim card."
"TSMC Q3 outlook dragged down by macroeconomic weakness " "TAIPEI  July 16 Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co Ltd (TSMC)  the world's No.1 contract chipmaker  said macroeconomic headwinds will dampen its prospects in the third quarter  even if its main client Apple Inc releases a new iPhone."
"UDPATE 1-Apple faces U.S. class-action lawsuit by employees over bag searches " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 16 Apple Store employees who sued Apple Inc over bag searches at the iPhone maker's 52 brick and mortar outlets in California had their case certified as a class-action by a federal judge on Thursday."
"Where Apple leads  payment wristbands ready to tap 'wearables' boom " "LONDON  July 16 New payment technologies such as Apple Pay and FC Barcelona wristbands carrying a digital wallet will increasingly mean bank customers ditch cards and cash for wearable technology  experts predict."
"Where Apple leads  payment wristbands ready to tap 'wearables' boom " "LONDON New payment technologies such as Apple Pay and FC Barcelona wristbands carrying a digital wallet will increasingly mean bank customers ditch cards and cash for wearable technology  experts predict."
"Options traders grow more bullish on big tech names " "NEW YORK Trading in a key technology fund's options showed signs of growing bullishness on Monday ahead of earnings reports this week from big names in the sector  including Apple Inc   International Business Machines  and Microsoft Corp ."
"PayPal returns to market with $52 billion valuation " "PayPal Holdings Inc  shares jumped as much as 11 percent in their highly anticipated return to the Nasdaq after more than a decade in eBay Inc's  fold  valuing the digital payment processor at about $52 billion."
"UPDATE 2-PayPal returns to market with $52 bln valuation " "July 20 PayPal Holdings Inc shares jumped as much as 11 percent in their highly anticipated return to the Nasdaq after more than a decade in eBay Inc's  fold  valuing the digital payment processor at about $52 billion."
"US STOCKS-Wall St higher as earnings boost confidence " "* Indexes up: Dow 0.19 pct  S&P 0.19 pct  Nasdaq 0.27 pct   (Updates to early afternoon)"
"Wall Street ends flat as commodity drop caps gains " "Wall Street was little changed on Monday  as a better-than-expected start to corporate earnings season boosted investor confidence  but gains were curbed by a drop in commodities."
"Apple gives weak forecast  shares fall nearly 7 percent " "BENGALURU/SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc  shares slumped nearly 7 percent in after-hours trading as its fourth-quarter revenue forecast fell short of estimates and it missed some targets for iPhone sales. | Video "
"Apple revenue rises 32.5 pct due to strong iPhone sales " "July 21 Apple Inc reported a 32.5 percent rise in quarterly revenue  helped by 35 percent jump in sales of its flagship iPhones."
"Apple's smartwatch beat internal expectations - CFO " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 21 Sales of Apple Inc's  smartwatch have exceeded internal expectations since the device's April launch  Chief Financial Officer Luca Maestri told Reuters in an interview on Tuesday."
"Apple's smartwatch beat internal expectations: CFO " "SAN FRANCISCO Sales of Apple Inc's  smartwatch have exceeded internal expectations since the device's April launch  Chief Financial Officer Luca Maestri told Reuters in an interview on Tuesday."
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Apple adds to stocks' slump; dollar slips " "NEW YORK  July 21 Weak earnings dragged stocks lower on Tuesday and Apple's results weighed U.S. futures further  while a slip in the dollar helped oil and gold cap a string of losing sessions."
"IBM  United Tech drag Dow; Apple results weigh on futures " "U.S. stocks closed lower on Tuesday as results from IBM and United Technologies dampened early optimism over earnings season and after-the-bell declines in major tech shares suggested losses would continue on Wednesday."
"UPDATE 2-Apple gives weak forecast  shares fall more than 6 pct " "BENGALURU/SAN FRANCISCO July 21 Apple Inc  forecast fourth-quarter revenue below estimates and missed some targets for iPhone sales  sending its shares down more than 6 percent in after-hours trading."
"UPDATE 4-Apple gives weak forecast  shares fall nearly 7 pct " "BENGALURU/SAN FRANCISCO  July 21 Apple Inc  shares slumped nearly 7 percent in after-hours trading as its fourth-quarter revenue forecast fell short of estimates and it missed some targets for iPhone sales."
"US STOCKS-IBM  United Tech drag Dow; Apple results weigh on futures " "* Indexes down: Dow 1.00 pct  S&P 0.43 pct  Nasdaq 0.21 pct   (Adds Nasdaq e-mini volume)"
"US STOCKS-IBM  United Tech drag Dow; Apple results weigh on futures " "* Indexes down: Dow 1.00 pct  S&P 0.43 pct  Nasdaq 0.21 pct   (Updates to close  adds Microsoft and Yahoo shares)"
"Analysts as upbeat as ever on Apple; Investors not so much " "Forget that iPhone unit sales were not as strong as many had expected; that the revenue forecast fell short of the average estimate  and that there was no clarity on Apple Watch sales."
"Analysts as upbeat as ever on Apple; Investors not so much " "Forget that iPhone unit sales were not as strong as many had expected; that the revenue forecast fell short of the average estimate  and that there was no clarity on Apple Watch sales. | Video "
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks slide on Apple's forecast  dollar rebounds " "* Gold slides 1 pct to 5-year low as investors pull back   (Adds close of European bond  stock markets)"
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks slide on Apple's forecast  dollar rebounds " "* Gold slides 1 pct to 5-year low as investors pull back   (Adds close of U.S. markets)"
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks slide on Apple's forecast  dollar rebounds " "* Gold slides 1 pct to 5-year low as investors pull back   (Adds oil  gold settlement prices)"
"Stocks slide on Apple's forecast  dollar rebounds " "NEW YORK Global equity markets fell on Wednesday  pulled down by a weak revenue forecast at Apple Inc  the world's largest company  while a rebounding dollar after its biggest decline in a month weighed on gold and some stocks."
"UPDATE 1-LG Display to spend $908 mln for new plastic OLED plant " "* Firm supplies OLED screens to Apple  LG Electronics   (Updates with details on new investment  background)"
"US STOCKS-Apple  other tech stocks weigh on Wall St " "* Indexes down: Dow 0.36 pct  S&P 0.16 pct  Nasdaq 0.55 pct   (Updates to late afternoon)"
"US STOCKS-Apple  other tech stocks weigh on Wall St " "* Indexes down: Dow 0.48 pct  S&P 0.34 pct  Nasdaq 0.87 pct   (Updates to early afternoon)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St ends lower as tech stocks weigh " "* Indexes down: Dow 0.38 pct  S&P 0.24 pct  Nasdaq 0.7 pct   (Updates to market close)"
"Apple's India test: how to gain volume and meet aspiration " "MUMBAI  July 23 With only a tiny share of the world's fastest-growing major smartphone market  Apple Inc  is stepping up its push into India  with a first targeted TV advertising campaign  expanded retail network and promotional financing schemes."
"Apple's India test: how to gain volume and meet aspiration " "MUMBAI With only a tiny share of the world's fastest-growing major smartphone market  Apple Inc is stepping up its push into India  with a first targeted TV advertising campaign  expanded retail network and promotional financing schemes."
"Apple's India test: how to gain volume and meet aspiration " "MUMBAI With only a tiny share of the world's fastest-growing major smartphone market  Apple Inc  is stepping up its push into India  with a first targeted TV advertising campaign  expanded retail network and promotional financing schemes."
"BRIEF-Indeks Bilgisayar signs distributor agreement for Apple Watch products " "* Signs distributor agreement with Apple Teknoloji ve Satis for sale and distribution of Apple Watch products and accessories"
"Investors rethink stock valuations as China  growth weigh on prospects " "NEW YORK Apple Inc's  disappointing earnings matter to more than just the investors who hold its shares."
"Taiwan stocks fall; Apple suppliers down again " "TAIPEI  July 23 Taiwan stocks fell on Thursday  weighed by Apple Inc's suppliers for a second day after the iPhone maker's fourth-quarter revenue forecast fell short of estimates and it missed some targets for iPhone sales."
"UPDATE 2-LG Display to build OLED plant; Q2 profit beats estimates " "* To build plant for small  mid-sized OLED screens in South Korea"
"Apple removes Nest Labs thermostats from U.S. stores " "Apple Inc said it had removed Nest Labs' Internet-connected thermostats from its U.S. online and retail stores  a year after the home automation maker was bought by Google Inc for $3.3 billion."
"Apple removes Nest Labs thermostats from U.S. stores " "July 24 Apple Inc said it had removed Nest Labs' Internet-connected thermostats from its U.S. online and retail stores  a year after the home automation maker was bought by Google Inc for $3.3 billion."
"RPT-Apple's India test: how to gain volume and meet aspiration " "MUMBAI  July 23 With only a tiny share of the world's fastest-growing major smartphone market  Apple Inc  is stepping up its push into India  with a first targeted TV advertising campaign  expanded retail network and promotional financing schemes."
"Taiwan stocks inch up; Apple supplier shares rebound " "TAIPEI  July 24 Taiwan stocks stabilised from recent losses on Friday  but the gains may be short-lived as investors stayed cautious about the economic and corporate earnings prospects of Taiwan and rest of the world."
"Apple Watch to be sold at Best Buy stores from August " "July 27 The Apple Watch will be available at stores of Best Buy Co Inc  the largest U.S. consumer electronics chain  starting Aug. 7."
"Apple Watch to be sold at Best Buy stores from August " "The Apple Watch will be available at stores of Best Buy Co Inc   the largest U.S. consumer electronics chain  starting Aug. 7."
"U.S. private sector vows to ante up on climate finance " "WASHINGTON Some of the biggest U.S. corporate names on Monday offered their support - and billions of dollars in green financing pledges - to buttress the Obama administration's quest for a global agreement on combating climate change."
"Corning quarterly sales rise marginally " "July 28 Corning Inc  the supplier of Gorilla glass to Apple Inc  reported a marginal rise in quarterly core net sales  as strong demand for its fiber optic cables and connectors offset weak sales in its specialty materials unit."
"Corning sales miss Street on weak demand for LCD glass " "Corning Inc   the supplier of Gorilla glass to Apple Inc  and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd   reported lower-than-expected quarterly sales due to weak demand for its glass used in TVs and personal computers."
"UPDATE 1-Corning sales miss Street on weak demand for LCD glass " "July 28 Corning Inc  the supplier of Gorilla glass to Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  reported lower-than-expected quarterly sales due to weak demand for its glass used in TVs and personal computers."
"Apple cannot halt Smartflash patent case  but Samsung can - appeals court " "Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  which faced an imminent trial in a lawsuit brought by patent holder Smartflash LLC  can halt the case while the Smartflash patents are scrutinized by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office  a U.S. appeals court ruled on Thursday."
"Apple to unveil next Apple TV version in September: BuzzFeed " "Apple Inc will launch the next generation of its Apple TV set-top box in September  with a new remote and support for Siri voice control  online publisher BuzzFeed reported on Thursday."
"Apple to unveil next Apple TV version in September - BuzzFeed " "July 30 Apple Inc will launch the next generation of its Apple TV set-top box in September  with a new remote and support for Siri voice control  online publisher BuzzFeed reported on Thursday."
"RPT-UPDATE 2-Samsung Electronics cautious on H2; capital returns disappoint " "SEOUL  July 30 Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  on Thursday offered a downbeat outlook for the second half of the year as smartphone market growth slows and ahead of the expected release of new iPhones from arch rival Apple Inc."
"UPDATE 1-Apple to unveil next Apple TV version in September - BuzzFeed " "July 30 Apple Inc will launch the next generation of its Apple TV set-top box in September  with a new remote and support for Siri voice control  online publisher BuzzFeed reported on Thursday."
"UPDATE 1-Dialog forecast falls shy of big iPhone hopes  hitting shares " "FRANKFURT  July 30 Germany's Dialog Semiconductor posted a 44 jump in quarterly revenue on Thursday on surging demand for its chips from phone makers Apple  and Samsung  but disappointed investors with its sales outlook."
"UPDATE 2-Samsung Electronics cautious on H2; capital returns disappoint " "* Won't pay ""special dividend "" shares fall   (Recasts  adds further earnings details  comments)"
"Apple  BMW in courtship with an eye on car collaboration " "FRANKFURT/SAN FRANCISCO BMW  and Apple  may rekindle a courtship put on hold after an exploratory visit by executives of the world's top maker of electronic gadgets to the headquarters of the word's biggest seller of premium cars."
"INSIGHT-Apple  BMW in courtship with an eye on car collaboration " "FRANKFURT/SAN FRANCISCO  July 31 BMW  and Apple may rekindle a courtship put on hold after an exploratory visit by executives of the world's top maker of electronic gadgets to the headquarters of the word's biggest seller of premium cars."
"BMW CEO hints there is space for more electric models " "VIENNA  Aug 2 The chief executive of BMW  hinted in a German paper that there was potential for another of its ""i"" electric car models."
"RPT-INSIGHT-Apple  BMW in courtship with an eye on car collaboration " "FRANKFURT/SAN FRANCISCO  July 31 BMW  and Apple may rekindle a courtship put on hold after an exploratory visit by executives of the world's top maker of electronic gadgets to the headquarters of the word's biggest seller of premium cars."
"Jill Scott scores Billboard No. 1; Apple Music joins chart providers " "Aug 3 R&B singer Jill Scott scored her second No. 1 album on the U.S. Billboard 200 with her new entry ""Women"" topping the chart this week  as streaming data from Apple Music joined the list of providers who make up the chart."
"Jill Scott scores Billboard No. 1; Apple Music joins chart providers " "R&B singer Jill Scott scored her second No. 1 album on the U.S. Billboard 200 with her new entry ""Women"" topping the chart this week  as streaming data from Apple Music joined the list of providers who make up the chart."
"US STOCKS-Weak oil prices  China worries drag Wall Street lower " "* Indexes end lower: Dow -0.52 pct  S&P -0.28 pct  Nasdaq -0.25 pct   (Updates to close)"
"US STOCKS-Weak oil prices  China worries weigh on Wall Street " "* Indexes down: Dow 0.99 pct  S&P 0.69 pct  Nasdaq 0.64 pct   (Updates to afternoon trading)"
"US STOCKS-Weak oil  soft data weigh on U.S. stocks " "* June consumer spending records smallest gain in four months"
"Apple denies plan to sell mobile services directly to consumers " "FRANKFURT/PARIS Apple Inc   the world's most profitable mobile phone maker  has denied working on a plan to market communications services directly to consumers and bypass the telecom companies on which it has long relied to sell its products."
"Apple's momentum 'meltdown' bites investors " "NEW YORK  Aug 4 Has the ""curse of the Dow"" finally caught up with Apple?"
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Apple weighs on stocks  while oil prices steady " "(Updates prices  changes comment  byline  dateline)     * Brent oil stabilizes above $50 a barrel after 5 pct drop     * U.S. dollar hits 3-1/2 month high against Swiss franc     * Stocks little changed globally; China up  Europe off      By Rodrigo Campos     NEW YORK  Aug 4 Apple weighed heavily on all major U.S. stock indexes on Tuesday as it fell for the fifth straight day  while oil steadied a day after a broad measure of commodity prices hit a 12-year low.     Apple stock  d"
"UPDATE 2-Apple denies plan to sell mobile services directly to consumers " "* Mobile network service could undermine telecom operators   (Adds context  details on Google network project  share action)"
"US STOCKS-Apple and interest rate jitters weigh on Wall Street " "* Indexes down: Dow 0.51 pct  S&P 0.43 pct  Nasdaq 0.41 pct   (Updates to afternoon)"
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall St slips on rates view  Apple slides " "NEW YORK  Aug 4 Wall Street ended lower on Tuesday as investors worried about a rise in interest rates while Apple's shares hit their lowest in over six months."
"US STOCKS-Wall St lower as Apple slips to 6-month low " "* Indexes down: Dow 0.21 pct  S&P 0.16 pct  Nasdaq 0.22 pct   (Updates to early afternoon)"
"US STOCKS-Wall Street moves lower on Apple  interest rate worries " "* Indexes finish down: Dow 0.27 pct  S&P 0.22 pct  Nasdaq 0.19 pct   (Updates to close)"
"US STOCKS-Wall Street moves lower on Apple  interest rate worries " "* Indexes finish lower: Dow 0.27 pct  S&P 0.22 pct  Nasdaq 0.19 pct   (Adds detail on volume  stock moves after the bell)"
"Wall Street moves lower on Apple  interest rate worries " "Wall Street ended lower on Tuesday for a third straight session as investors worried about a rise in interest rates while Apple's shares hit their lowest in over six months. | Video "
"CORRECTED-Apple's momentum 'meltdown' bites investors " "NEW YORK  Aug 4 Has the ""curse of the Dow"" finally caught up with Apple?"
"Apple Music attracts more than 11 mln trial members since June 30 " "Aug 6 Apple Inc's new music streaming service has attracted more than 11 million members during its free trial period  the company said Thursday."
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Asia shares drop  dollar firm; U.S. data signals Sept hike " "TOKYO/SINGAPORE Aug 6 Asian shares were mostly down while the dollar held firm on Thursday after strong U.S. service-sector data and comments from a Fed governor boosted confidence in the economy and fanned expectations of a interest rate hike in September."
"Taiwan's HTC says to cut jobs  smartphone models to revive sales " "TAIPEI  Aug 6 Taiwanese smartphone maker HTC Corp said it would cut jobs and discontinue models as part of its strategy to focus on high-end devices to better compete with the likes of Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics."
"Taiwan's HTC says to cut jobs  smartphone models to revive sales " "TAIPEI Taiwanese smartphone maker HTC Corp said it would cut jobs and discontinue models as part of its strategy to focus on high-end devices to better compete with the likes of Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics."
"Taiwan stocks slip; Apple supplier Largan falls " "TAIPEI  Aug 6 Taiwan stocks fell 0.3 percent on Thursday  weighed down by Largan Precision amid local media reports that the key supplier of Apple Inc  released lower-than-expected July sales results and cut its outlook for August."
"UPDATE 2-Apple Music attracts more than 11 million trial members " "Aug 6 Apple Inc said on Thursday its new music streaming service has attracted more than 11 million members during its free trial period  a response that music industry experts called respectable but not overwhelming."
"Foxconn plans $5 billion investment over 5 years in Maharashtra facility " "MUMBAI Taiwan's Foxconn  the world's largest contract electronics manufacturer and a key supplier to Apple Inc   on Saturday signed a pact with Maharashtra to invest $5 billion over five years on a new electronics manufacturing facility."
"Taiwan's Foxconn plans $5 billion investment over five years in Indian facility " "MUMBAI Taiwan's Foxconn  the world's largest contract electronics manufacturer and a key supplier to Apple Inc  on Saturday signed a pact with India's Maharashtra state to invest $5 billion over five years on a new electronics manufacturing facility."
"UPDATE 1-Taiwan's Foxconn plans $5 bln investment over 5 yrs in Indian facility " "* Foxconn looking for local partners for the facility   (Adds comments from Foxconn founder  chief minister  details)"
"UPDATE 2-Xiaomi ties up with Taiwan's Foxconn to assemble smartphones in India " "* New facility will help Xiaomi better manage inventory   (Adds fresh exec comments  context on India smartphone market  details)"
"Xiaomi ties up with Taiwan's Foxconn to assemble smartphones in India " "MUMBAI China's Xiaomi Inc [XTC.UL] has joined forces with Taiwan-based tech giant Foxconn to start assembling phones in India  seeking to cut costs and grab a bigger slice of the world's third-largest smartphone market."
"US STOCKS-Wall St down 1 pct as cheaper yuan hits commodities " "* Indexes down: Dow 1.37 pct  S&P 1.2 pct  Nasdaq 1.42 pct   (Updates prices)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St falls after China devaluation " "* Indexes down: Dow 1.2 pct  S&P 1 pct  Nasdaq 1.3 pct   (Updates to close)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St falls as cheaper yuan hits commodities " "* Indexes down: Dow 0.89 pct  S&P 0.68 pct  Nasdaq 0.53 pct   (Updates to open)"
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks  yields stumble after China lets yuan fall again " "NEW YORK  Aug 12 Stocks  the U.S. dollar  and emerging market currencies around the world remained under pressure for a second day on Wednesday after China's yuan weakened again  a day after the country devalued its currency."
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks  yields tumble after China lets yuan fall again " "NEW YORK  Aug 12 Stocks  the U.S. dollar  and emerging market currencies around the world remained under pressure for a second day on Wednesday after China's yuan weakened again  one day after the country devalued its currency."
"Retailer-backed mobile wallet to rival Apple Pay set for test " "CHICAGO A retailer-backed rival to Apple Inc's Apple Pay mobile wallet will be tested with customers in a handful of stores in the next few weeks  ratcheting up competition in an increasingly cluttered market."
"Retailer-backed mobile wallet to rival Apple Pay set for test " "CHICAGO  Aug 12 A retailer-backed rival to Apple Inc's Apple Pay mobile wallet will be tested with customers in a handful of stores in the next few weeks  ratcheting up competition in an increasingly cluttered market."
"US STOCKS-Wall St down 1 pct as yuan's fall fuels global growth fears " "* Indexes down: Dow 1.1 pct  S&P 1 pct  Nasdaq 1.2 pct   (Updates to open)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St ends near flat after late-day rally " "* Energy shares rally after sharp selloff; Apple also rebounds"
"US STOCKS-Wall St near flat after indexes pare China-fueled losses " "* Energy shares rally after sharp selloff; Apple also rebounds"
"US STOCKS-Wall St off session lows as Apple reverses course " "* Indexes down: Dow 0.9 pct  S&P 0.8 pct  Nasdaq 0.9 pct   (Updates to early afternoon)"
"Wall St. ends near flat after late-day rally " "U.S. stocks rebounded in afternoon trading on Wednesday to end little changed as energy shares and Apple bounced back  offseting continued concerns about a slowdown in China."
"Apple to delay live TV service to next year: Bloomberg " "Apple Inc  will delay its live TV service to at least next year  Bloomberg reported  citing people familiar with the iPhone maker's plans."
"Apple to delay live TV service to next year - Bloomberg " "Aug 13 Apple Inc will delay its live TV service to at least next year  Bloomberg reported  citing people familiar with the iPhone maker's plans."
"BRIEF-U.S. Court will not reconsider decision in Samsung/Apple case " "* Denied rehearing in patent and trademark infringement case with apple inc - u.s. Appeals court ruling"
"India Morning Call-Global Markets " "NEW YORK - U.S. stocks rebounded in afternoon trading on Wednesday to end little changed as energy shares and Apple bounced back  offseting continued concerns about a slowdown in China. The Dow moved nearly 300 points from its low of the day to its high before closing flat."
"PRESS DIGEST - Wall Street Journal - Aug 13 " "Aug 13 The following are the top stories in the Wall Street Journal. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy."
"Samsung denied rehearing in design patent fight with Apple " "A U.S. appeals court on Thursday denied a request by Samsung Electronics Co Ltd to reconsider its decision from May upholding a finding that the company infringed several design patents on Apple Inc's iPhone and leaving intact a more than $500 million damage award."
"Apple to delay live TV service to next year: Bloomberg " "Apple Inc will delay its live TV service to at least next year  Bloomberg reported  citing people familiar with the iPhone maker's plans."
"Hedge funds added Apple shares in second quarter  filings show " "BOSTON  Aug 14 Top U.S. hedge funds added shares of Apple Inc in the second quarter  even as shares of the iPhone maker were flat during the period."
"Hedge funds added Apple shares in second quarter  filings show " "BOSTON Top U.S. hedge funds bought new shares of Apple Inc during the second quarter or added to their existing positions  ahead of a decline in the value of shares of the iPhone maker."
"UPDATE 3-Hedge funds added Apple shares in 2nd quarter  filings show " "BOSTON  Aug 14 Top U.S. hedge funds bought new shares of Apple Inc during the second quarter or added to their existing positions  ahead of a decline in the value of shares of the iPhone maker."
"Apple hires banks to lead potential Kangaroo bond debut " "SYDNEY  Aug 17 (IFR) - Apple Inc has mandated CBA  Deutsche Bank and Goldman Sachs to hold investor calls with debt investors starting tomorrow for a potential debut offering of Kangaroo bonds."
"UPDATE 1-Apple to test Australian corporate bond record " "SYDNEY  Aug 17 (IFR) - Australia's corporate bond market is poised for a big boost as US tech giant Apple prepares its first Kangaroo bond."
"IPhone design patent central to Apple-Samsung fight rejected " "The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office has found that a patent on an iPhone design that is key to a long-running smartphone battle between Apple and Samsung should not have been granted in the first place."
"Apple eyes record for Kangaroo bond debut " "SYDNEY  Aug 20 (IFR) - US tech giant Apple  rated Aa1/AA+ (Moody's/S&P)  has released price guidance for its debut Kangaroo offering via joint leads CBA  Deutsche Bank and Goldman Sachs."
"Apple gains share in global smartphone market-Gartner " "Aug 20 Apple Inc increased its market share in the second quarter when global smartphone sales grew at the slowest pace since 2013  according to market research firm Gartner Inc."
"China smartphone sales fall for first time: Gartner " "Smartphone sales in China  the world's biggest market for the devices  fell in the second quarter for the first time  market research firm Gartner Inc  said on Thursday. | Video "
"US STOCKS-Wall St sells off on global slowdown concern; Disney slumps " "* Indexes down: Dow 1.5 pct  S&P 1.5 pct  Nasdaq 2.2 pct   (Updates prices  changes comment  byline)"
"Apple smashes Kangaroo record with Aussie debut " "SYDNEY  Aug 21 (IFR) - US tech giant Apple  rated Aa1/AA+ (Moody's/S&P)  has raised a stunning A$2.25 billion (US$1.65 billion) from its debut Kangaroo offering  comfortably the largest Kangaroo trade by any issuer  including supranationals  sub-sovereigns and agencies  and overseas banks."
"Apple tightens price guidance for Kangaroo debut " "SYDNEY  Aug 21 (IFR) - US tech giant Apple  rated Aa1/AA+ (Moody's/S&P)  has tightened price guidance for its three-tranche debut offering of Kangaroo bonds ahead of pricing later today."
"Daimler CEO mulls JVs with Apple  Google -magazine " "BERLIN  Aug 21 Daimler's chief executive said ""different types"" of cooperation with Apple  and Google are possible as carmakers realise next-generation autos cannot be built without greater input from telecoms and software experts."
"Daimler CEO mulls JVs with Apple  Google: magazine " "BERLIN Daimler's  chief executive said ""different types"" of cooperation with Apple  and Google  are possible as carmakers realize next-generation autos cannot be built without greater input from telecoms and software experts."
"Nikkei drops to 6-week low on Wall Street fall  China worries " "* Nikkei down for 4 straight days  has fallen 4.6 pct this week"
"Tesla engineer joins Apple's growing team of automated car experts " "DETROIT/SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 21 Consumer electronics company Apple Inc has hired a senior engineer from electric car maker Tesla Motors Inc  according to a LinkedIn posting  as part of Apple's effort to build a team of experts in automated driving."
"Tesla engineer joins Apple's growing team of automated car experts " "DETROIT/SAN FRANCISCO Consumer electronics company Apple Inc  has hired a senior engineer from electric car maker Tesla Motors Inc   according to a LinkedIn posting  as part of Apple's effort to build a team of experts in automated driving."
"US STOCKS-Wall St slumps as weak Chinese data adds to growth fears " "* Indexes down: Dow 0.98 pct  S&P 0.94 pct  Nasdaq 1.35 pct   (Updates to open)"
"Apple's Cook reassures investors on China  stock boomerangs " "Apple Inc's Chief Executive Tim Cook took an unusual step of reassuring shareholders on Monday in comments to CNBC about the iPhone maker's business in China ahead of a dramatic 13 percent drop and rebound in its stock that put it in positive territory."
"Apple to replace some iPhone 6 Plus cameras over blurry photos " "Apple Inc said it would replace a limited number iPhone 6 Plus phone cameras due to faulty back cameras that take blurry photos."
"CORRECTED-Apple to replace some iPhone 6 Plus cameras over blurry photos " "Aug 24 Apple Inc said it would replace a limited number iPhone 6 Plus phone cameras due to faulty back cameras that take blurry photos."
"UPDATE 3-Apple's Cook reassures investors on China  stock boomerangs " "Aug 24 Apple Inc's Chief Executive Tim Cook took an unusual step of reassuring shareholders on Monday in comments to CNBC about the iPhone maker's business in China ahead of a dramatic 13 percent drop and rebound in its stock that put it in positive territory."
"US STOCKS-Wall Street reduces losses after Apple rebounds " "* Indexes down: S&P 2.6 pct  Nasdaq 2.2 pct  Dow 2.2 pct   (Updates to afternoon trade  adds comment)"
"US STOCKS-Wall Street trades sharply lower  Apple rebounds " "* Indexes down: S&P 4.06 pct  Nasdaq 3.78 pct  Dow 3.97 pct   (Updates to afternoon trade  adds comment)"
"Many U.S. drivers ignoring new tech features in cars - survey " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 25 Drivers are steering clear of some new technology in cars  according to a survey released Tuesday  raising questions about whether car makers are moving too quickly to incorporate sophisticated technology."
"REFILE-US STOCKS-Wall St posts biggest rally of the year " "Aug 25 U.S. stocks posted their sharpest rally of the year on Tuesday  as investors sought out bargains a day after Wall Street's worst performance in four years on fears China's economy was slowing."
"Top German court rejects Apple touchscreen patent appeal " "Apple Inc patents covering the ""slide to unlock"" feature on smartphones are invalid  Germany's highest appeals court ruled on Tuesday  reaffirming a 2013 decision rejecting the U.S. company's claims by a lower court."
"Top German court rejects Apple touchscreen patent appeal " "FRANKFURT Apple Inc patents covering the ""slide to unlock"" feature on smartphones are invalid  Germany's highest appeals court ruled on Tuesday  reaffirming a 2013 decision rejecting the U.S. company's claims by a lower court."
"Top German court rejects Apple touchscreen patent appeal " "FRANKFURT  Aug 25 Apple Inc patents covering the ""slide to unlock"" feature on smartphones are invalid  Germany's highest appeals court ruled on Tuesday  reaffirming a 2013 decision rejecting the U.S. company's claims by a lower court."
"UPDATE 1-Wall St's slide unlikely to undermine support for U.S. stocks " "NEW YORK  Aug 24 Wall Street's selloff on Monday  sparked by a near-9 percent dive in Chinese shares  was a long-overdue correction that analysts said is unlikely to undermine support for U.S. stocks going forward."
"Wall Street's slide unlikely to undermine support for U.S. stocks " "NEW YORK Wall Street's selloff on Monday  sparked by a near-9 percent dive in Chinese shares  was a long-overdue correction that analysts said is unlikely to undermine support for U.S. stocks going forward."
"Apple  Samsung duke it out over $548 mln verdict payment " "Apple and Samsung are locking horns in a federal court in California over the iPhone maker's demand that Samsung immediately cough up more than $548 million it says it is owed from a 2012 jury verdict."
"US STOCKS-Wall Street chalks up biggest gain in four years " "* Indexes closes up: Dow 3.95 pct  S&P 3.9 pct  Nasdaq 4.24 pct   (Adds detail on Avago after the bell  Dow performance)"
"Apple fast closing in on wearable device maker Fitbit: IDC " "Apple Inc  which launched the Apple Watch in June  is within striking distance of leader Fitbit Inc in the wearable devices market  market research firm IDC said."
"Apple fast closing in on wearable device maker Fitbit - IDC " "Aug 27 Apple Inc  which launched the Apple Watch in June  is within striking distance of leader Fitbit Inc in the wearable devices market  market research firm IDC said."
"Apple may launch new iPhones at Sept. 9 event " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc  on Thursday invited journalists to a Sept. 9 event  where it is expected to unveil new iPhones and potentially a new version of its Apple TV set-top box."
"Samsung asks California court to put Apple case on hold " "Smartphone giant Samsung has asked a federal judge in California to hold off on finalizing the amount of damages it must pay Apple for using the iPhone maker's technology and designs without permission  saying the validity of two Apple patents in the case is now in doubt."
"UPDATE 1-Apple lines up Sept. 9 event  seen unveiling new iPhones " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 27 Apple Inc on Thursday invited journalists to a Sept. 9 event  where it is expected to unveil new iPhones and potentially a new version of its Apple TV set-top box."
"Key Apple suppliers seeking stake in Taiwan chip packaging firm " "TAIPEI  Aug 28 Iphone assembler Hon Hai Precision Industry Co Ltd will buy a 21 percent stake in Siliconware Precision Industries Co Ltd (SPIL)  both firms said on Friday  days after another Taiwan-based Apple Inc supplier also said it wanted to buy into the chip packaging firm."
"Key Apple suppliers seeking stake in Taiwan chip packaging firm " "TAIPEI Iphone assembler Hon Hai Precision Industry Co Ltd will buy a 21 percent stake in Siliconware Precision Industries Co Ltd (SPIL)  both firms said on Friday  days after another Taiwan-based Apple Inc supplier also said it wanted to buy into the chip packaging firm."
"Apple partners with Cisco to boost enterprise business " "Apple Inc on Monday teamed up with network gear maker Cisco Systems Inc to improve the performance of its iPad and iPhone devices on Cisco's corporate network."
"Apple partners with Cisco to boost enterprise business " "Aug 31 Apple Inc on Monday teamed up with network gear maker Cisco Systems Inc to improve the performance of its iPad and iPhone devices on Cisco's corporate network."
"Judge sends $4.5 million in uncashed Apple settlement checks to states " "Despite objections from class counsel  a federal judge in California has sent roughly $4.5 million in uncashed checks from a settlement over alleged warranty breaches involving Apple's iPhones and iPods to states as unclaimed property."
"Apple explores move into original programing business: Variety " "Apple Inc is looking to move into the original programing business to compete with video streaming companies such as Netflix Inc  Variety reported on Monday."
"Apple explores move into original programming business - Variety " "Apple Inc is looking to move into the original programming business to compete with video streaming companies such as Netflix Inc  Variety reported on Monday."
"Foxconn hasn't canceled investment plan in Indonesia: ministry official " "JAKARTA Taiwan's Foxconn Technology Group  the world's biggest electronic components maker  has not withdrawn its plans to invest in a factory in Indonesia  an Indonesian industry ministry official said on Tuesday."
"Judge sends $4.5 million in uncashed Apple settlement checks to states " "Despite objections from class counsel  a federal judge in California has sent roughly $4.5 million in uncashed checks from a settlement over alleged warranty breaches involving Apple's iPhones and iPods to states as unclaimed property."
"LVMH hires former Apple executive as digital director " "PARIS LVMH has hired as its new head of digital Ian Rogers  from Apple  as part of the luxury group's drive to more fully embrace the Internet."
"LVMH hires former Apple executive as digital director " "PARIS  Sept 1 LVMH has hired as its new head of digital Ian Rogers  from Apple  as part of the luxury group's drive to more fully embrace the Internet."
"UPDATE 2-Apple explores move into original programming business - Variety " "Sept 1 Apple Inc is looking to move into the original programming business to compete with video streaming companies such as Netflix Inc  Variety reported on Monday."
"UPDATE 3-Foxconn hasn't cancelled investment plan in Indonesia-ministry official " "* Foxconn says continues to seek opportunities in Indonesia   (Recasts with comment from industry ministry official)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St falls sharply after weak China data " "* Indexes down: Dow 2.08 pct  S&P 2.01 pct  Nasdaq 1.79 pct   (Updates to open)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St slumps as weak China data stokes growth fears " "* Indexes down: Dow 2.16 pct  S&P 2.11 pct  Nasdaq 1.69 pct   (Adds details  adds comment  updates prices)"
"LVMH hires former Apple executive as digital director " "PARIS LVMH has hired Ian Rogers  an Apple Inc iTunes senior director  to be its new head of digital  as part of the luxury group's drive to more fully embrace the Internet."
"UPDATE 1-LVMH hires former Apple executive as digital director " "PARIS  Sept 1 LVMH has hired Ian Rogers  an Apple Inc iTunes senior director  to be its new head of digital  as part of the luxury group's drive to more fully embrace the Internet."
"Exclusive: Japan Display CEO hints at strong Apple orders ahead of new iPhone launch " "TOKYO Japan Display Inc's  new chief executive said on Thursday the screen maker's ""biggest client""  widely understood to refer to Apple Inc   is increasing orders ahead of the expected launch of a new iPhone this month."
"Japan Display CEO hints at strong Apple orders ahead of new iPhone launch " "TOKYO  Sept 3 Japan Display Inc Chief Executive Mitsuru Homma on Thursday said the screen maker's ""biggest client""  widely understood to refer to Apple Inc   is increasing orders ahead of the expected launch of a new iPhone this month."
"Samsung to make new smartwatch available to competition " "BERLIN Samsung Electronics  said on Thursday it would make its next smartwatch technology available to its competitors who also use Google Inc's  mobile platform Android  hoping to increase its share of the market  which is now dominated by Apple Inc ."
"Samsung to make new smartwatch available to competition " "BERLIN  Sept 3 Samsung Electronics  said on Thursday it would make its next smartwatch technology available to its competitors who also use Google Inc's  mobile platform Android  hoping to increase its share of the market  which is now dominated by Apple Inc."
"UPDATE 1-Japan Display CEO hints at strong Apple orders ahead of new iPhone launch " "* Any talks with Sharp would happen suddenly - CEO   (Adds quotes on Sharp merger speculation  shares  background)"
"Apple to launch Apple TV with gaming focus: NY Times " "Apple Inc  will make gaming a key part of an Apple TV product it is expected to unveil at an event on Wednesday  according to a New York Times online report on Sunday."
"Apple to launch Apple TV with gaming focus - NY Times " "Apple Inc will make gaming a key part of an Apple TV product it is expected to unveil at an event on Wednesday  according to a New York Times online report on Sunday."
"Apple to launch Apple TV with gaming focus - NY Times " "Sept 6 Apple Inc will make gaming a key part of an Apple TV product it is expected to unveil at an event on Wednesday  according to a New York Times online report on Sunday."
"CORRECTED-Enter Samsung Pay? Smartphone giant seeks mobile payments spark " "* Samsung says new payments service off to good start in S.Korea"
"What to Watch in the Day Ahead - Wednesday  Sept 9 " "(The Day Ahead is an email and PDF publication that includes the day's major stories and events  analyses and other features. To receive The Day Ahead  Eikon users can register at . Thomson One users can register at RT/DAY/US. All times in ET/GMT)  Apple Inc is expected to announce new iPhones  an Apple TV box and possibly new iPads at an event at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco. Specifically  the company is expected to announce iPhone 6S and 6S Plus  the same size as the 6 "
"Apple phone  tablet and TV fail to impress investors " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc  unveiled a new TV set top box that responds to voice commands and fresh iPhones that sense the pressure of a finger tap  changes which underwhelmed many social media commenters and investors. | Video "
"Apple phone  tablet and TV fail to impress investors " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc  unveiled a new TV set top box that responds to voice commands and fresh iPhones that sense the pressure of a finger tap  changes which underwhelmed many social media commenters and investors. | Video "
"Apple unveils new iPhone 6S and 6S plus that recognises touch " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc  unveiled the iPhone 6S and 6S plus on Wednesday  the latest iteration of its lucrative smartphone that offers 3D touch  a display technology that responds differently depending on how hard users press their screens. | Video "
"Apple unveils new iPhone 6S and 6S plus that recognizes touch " "SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 9 Apple Inc  unveiled the iPhone 6S and 6S plus on Wednesday  the latest iteration of its lucrative smartphone that offers 3D touch  a display technology that responds differently depending on how hard users press their screens."
"REFILE-GLOBAL MARKETS-U.S. stocks slide  despite Asian gains; Apple weighs " "NEW YORK  Sept 9 U.S. stocks fell on Wednesday  weighed down by a slide in Apple's share price and weakness in the energy sector  though European and major Asian bourses earlier ended higher."
"UPDATE 4-Apple phone  tablet and TV fail to impress investors " "SAN FRANCISCO Sept 9 Apple Inc unveiled a new TV set top box that responds to voice commands and fresh iPhones that sense the pressure of a finger tap  changes which underwhelmed many social media commenters and investors."
"U.S. stocks slide  despite Asian gains; Apple weighs " "NEW YORK U.S. stocks fell on Wednesday  weighed down by a slide in Apple's share price and weakness in the energy sector  though European and major Asian bourses earlier ended higher."
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall St falls 1 pct with Apple  energy declines " "Sept 9 U.S. stocks ended the day down more than one percent on Wednesday in another volatile session  led by a drop in Apple shares and a decline in energy shares."
"US STOCKS-Wall St falls with Apple  energy sector " "* Indexes down: Dow 0.9 pct  S&P 0.8 pct  Nasdaq 0.6 pct   (Updates to late afternoon)"
"Wall St. falls 1 percent  led by Apple  energy sector " "U.S. stocks ended more than 1 percent lower on Wednesday after rallying the day before  led by declines in shares of Apple and energy companies  which fell with oil prices. | Video "
"Apple financing scheme may unlock U.S. carriers' iPhone plans " "Apple Inc's financing plan for its new iPhones is likely to force U.S. carriers to work harder to win and retain customers."
"Apple financing scheme may unlock U.S. carriers' iPhone plans " "Sept 10 Apple Inc's financing plan for its new iPhones is likely to force U.S. carriers to work harder to win and retain customers."
"CORRECTED-US STOCKS-Wall St bounces back with Apple  biotech " "* Earnings won't grow as much as expected - David Tepper to CNBC"
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Growth worries weigh on stocks  but oil rallies " "* Brazil's real tumbles after downgrade   (Adds close of U.S. markets  oil settlement prices)"
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks dip on growth concerns  but oil rallies " "* Brazil's real tumbles after downgrade   (Adds close of European markets)"
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall St closes higher  driven by Apple  biotech " "Sept 10 U.S. stocks ended higher on Thursday  supported by gains in Apple and biotech shares  but nervousness ahead of a much-anticipated Federal Reserve meeting next week limited the advance."
"US STOCKS-Wall St bounces back with Apple  biotech " "* Earnings won't grow as much as expected - David Tepper to CNBC"
"US STOCKS-Wall St bounces back with Apple; biotechs a boost " "* Earnings won't grow as much as expected - David Tepper to CNBC"
"US STOCKS-Wall St rises with Apple  biotechs  but Fed jitters remain " "* Earnings won't grow as much as expected - David Tepper to CNBC"
"Wall St. rises with Apple  biotechs  but Fed jitters remain " "U.S. stocks ended higher on Thursday in another day of broad swings as investors showed nervousness ahead of next week's much-anticipated Federal Reserve meeting  but gains in Apple and biotech shares supported the day's advance. | Video "
"India Morning Call-Global Markets " "NEW YORK - U.S. stocks ended higher on Thursday in another day of broad swings as investors showed nervousness ahead of next week's much-anticipated Federal Reserve meeting  but gains in Apple and biotech shares supported the day's advance."
"Verizon says TV streaming could be added to new mobile video service " "LAS VEGAS If Verizon's new mobile video service go90 succeeds in grabbing the attention of millenials who increasingly watch content on mobile devices  a streaming option for TVs could be next."
"Apple says sales of new iPhones are off to strong start " "Apple Inc said on Monday that advance orders of its new iPhones were on pace to beat the 10 million units the previous versions logged in their first weekend last year  a feat that analysts attributed to the inclusion of sales from China."
"Apple says sales of new iPhones are off to strong start " "Apple Inc  said on Monday that advance orders of its new iPhones were on pace to beat the 10 million units the previous versions logged in their first weekend last year  a feat that analysts attributed to the inclusion of sales from China. | Video "
"New BMW CEO open to partnerships with tech firms - Sueddeutsche " "FRANKFURT  Sept 14 BMW's new chief executive Harald Krueger is open to  exploring deeper partnerships with software and computer companies such as Apple   according to German newspaper Sueddeutsche Zeitung."
"New BMW CEO open to partnerships with tech firms: Sueddeutsche Zeitung " "FRANKFURT BMW's new chief executive Harald Krueger is open to  exploring deeper partnerships with software and computer companies such as Apple  according to German newspaper Sueddeutsche Zeitung."
"Sales of new Apple iPhones on pace to beat last year's record " "Sales of Apple Inc's  new iPhones are on pace to beat the 10 million units the previous versions logged in their first weekend last year  the company said on Monday  sending its shares up nearly 2 percent."
"UPDATE 3-Apple says sales of new iPhones are off to strong start " "Sept 14 Apple Inc said on Monday that advance orders of its new iPhones were on pace to beat the 10 million units the previous versions logged in their first weekend last year  a feat that analysts attributed to the inclusion of sales from China."
"Apple says sales of new iPhones are off to strong start " "Apple Inc said on Monday that advance orders of its new iPhones were on pace to beat the 10 million units the previous versions logged in their first weekend last year  a feat that analysts attributed to the inclusion of sales from China. | Video "
"Apple faces hurdles as it positions iPad Pro for business use " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc. faces significant challenges selling its larger and more powerful iPad Pro to businesses because companies are reluctant to switch software vendors and use an expensive device that lacks specialized business apps  analysts said."
"Apple says will not release watchOS 2 on Wednesday " "Sept 16 Apple Inc said it will not release watchOS 2  an updated operating system for the Apple Watch  on Wednesday as planned after it discovered a bug in development."
"Apple says won't release watchOS 2 on Wednesday " "Apple Inc  said it won't release watchOS 2  an updated operating system for the Apple Watch  on Wednesday as planned after it discovered a bug in development."
"Apple says won't release watchOS 2 on Wednesday " "Apple Inc said it won't release watchOS 2  an updated operating system for the Apple Watch  on Wednesday as planned after it discovered a bug in development."
"Apple users face issues upgrading to iOS 9: 9to5Mac " "Apple Inc customers were facing issues while upgrading to iOS 9  which was released on Wednesday  technology blog 9to5Mac reported."
"Apple users face issues upgrading to iOS 9: 9to5Mac " "Apple Inc customers were facing issues while upgrading to iOS 9  which was released on Wednesday  technology blog 9to5Mac reported."
"Apple users face issues upgrading to iOS 9 - 9to5Mac " "Sept 16 Apple Inc customers were facing issues while upgrading to iOS 9  which was released on Wednesday  technology blog 9to5Mac reported."
"UPDATE 1-Apple says won't release watchOS 2 on Wednesday " "Sept 16 Apple Inc said it won't release watchOS 2  an updated operating system for the Apple Watch  on Wednesday as planned after it discovered a bug in development."
"Apple deserves injunction against Samsung smartphone features - U.S. appeals court " "A U.S. appeals court on Thursday said Apple  should have been awarded an injunction barring Samsung  from selling products that infringe its patents  handing Apple a major victory in its ongoing smartphone fight with its biggest rival."
"Apple users face issues upgrading to iOS 9 - 9to5Mac " "Apple Inc  customers were facing issues while upgrading to iOS 9  which was released on Wednesday  technology blog 9to5Mac reported."
"Apple wins patent ruling against Samsung in U.S. appeals court " "NEW YORK A U.S. appeals court on Thursday said Apple  should have been awarded an injunction barring Samsung  from selling products that infringe its patents  handing Apple another victory in its ongoing smartphone fight with its biggest rival."
"Damages retrial postponed as Apple appeals $532 mln Smartflash verdict " "   A federal judge in Texas on Thursday postponed a retrial on damages in a case in which Apple was ordered to pay $533 million to patent holder Smartflash LLC."
"UPDATE 2-Apple wins patent ruling against Samsung in U.S. appeals court " "NEW YORK  Sept 17 A U.S. appeals court on Thursday said Apple should have been awarded an injunction barring Samsung from selling products that infringe its patents  handing Apple another victory in its ongoing smartphone fight with its biggest rival."
"Apple customers report devices crashing on iOS 9 update " "SAN FRANCISCO/SYDNEY A significant number of Apple Inc customers are reporting their mobile devices have crashed after attempting to upload the new iOS 9 operating system  the latest in a line of launch glitches for the tech giant."
"Apple customers report devices crashing on iOS 9 update " "SAN FRANCISCO/SYDNEY A significant number of Apple Inc customers are reporting their mobile devices have crashed after attempting to upload the new iOS 9 operating system  the latest in a line of launch glitches for the tech giant. | Video "
"Apple pledges more aid to help with Europe's migrant crisis " "Apple Inc is stepping up aid to the thousands of migrants that are streaming into Europe from war-torn countries  Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook told employees in an internal message on Friday."
"Apple pledges relief to European refugee crisis " "Sept 18 Apple Inc is stepping up aid to the thousands of migrants that are streaming into Europe from war-torn countries  Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook told employees in an internal message on Friday."
"UPDATE 1-Apple customers report devices crashing on iOS 9 update " "SAN FRANCISCO/SYDNEY Sept 18 A significant number of Apple Inc customers are reporting their mobile devices have crashed after attempting to upload the new iOS 9 operating system  the latest in a line of launch glitches for the tech giant."
"UPDATE 1-Apple pledges more aid to help with Europe's migrant crisis " "Sept 18 Apple Inc is stepping up aid to the thousands of migrants that are streaming into Europe from war-torn countries  Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook told employees in an internal message on Friday."
"Apple targets shipping date for electric car for 2019: WSJ " "Apple Inc  has designated building an electric car as a ""committed project"" and has set a target shipping date for 2019  the Wall Street Journal reported on Monday."
"Taiwan's Hon Hai offers to buy Sharp's LCD business  wants Apple funds-Nikkei " "TOKYO  Sept 21 Taiwan's Hon Hai Precision Industry Co offered to buy Sharp Corp's  struggling liquid panel display business and plans to seek funding from Apple Inc  the Nikkei business daily reported on Monday."
"Taiwan's Hon Hai offers to buy Sharp's LCD business  wants Apple funds: Nikkei " "TOKYO Taiwan's Hon Hai Precision Industry Co  offered to buy Sharp Corp's  struggling liquid panel display business and plans to seek funding from Apple Inc   the Nikkei business daily reported on Monday."
"UPDATE 1-Apple targets shipping date for electric car for 2019 - WSJ " "Sept 21 Apple Inc has designated building an electric car as a ""committed project"" and has set a target shipping date for 2019  the Wall Street Journal reported on Monday."
"UPDATE 2-Taiwan's Hon Hai offers to buy Sharp's LCD business  wants Apple funds-Nikkei " "* Hon Hai and Sharp jointly operate plant in Osaka   (Updates with Hon Hai's comment)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St gains with financials; biotechs drop " "* Dow up 0.8 pct  S&P up 0.6 pct  Nasdaq down 0.2 pct   (Updates to late afternoon  changes byline)"
"Apple plans steps to prevent future App Store attacks " "BEIJING/BOSTON A senior Apple Inc  executive on Tuesday said the company would make it easier for Chinese app developers to download its tools for building mobile apps in a bid to prevent further attacks on its App Store."
"Apple plans steps to prevent future App Store attacks " "BEIJING/BOSTON A senior Apple Inc executive on Tuesday said the company would make it easier for Chinese app developers to download its tools for building mobile apps in a bid to prevent further attacks on its App Store."
"Apple plans steps to prevent future App Store attacks " "BEIJING/BOSTON  Sept 22 Apple Inc's  chief marketing executive Phil Schiller said on Tuesday that the company plans steps to prevent further attacks on its App Store."
"India Morning Call-Global Markets " "NEW YORK - U.S. stocks ended higher on Monday  rebounding from losses late last week with help from Apple and financial shares  but a drop in biotech shares limited the advance."
"UPDATE 1-Apple plans steps to prevent future App Store attacks " "BEIJING/BOSTON  Sept 22 A senior Apple Inc  executive on Tuesday said the company would make it easier for Chinese app developers to download its tools for building mobile apps in a bid to prevent further attacks on its App Store."
"Apple hack exposes flaws in building apps behind ""Great Firewall"" " "BEIJING  Sept 23 China's ""Great Firewall"" may have been partly to blame for the first major attack on Apple Inc's App Store  but experts also point the finger at lax security procedures of some big-name Chinese tech firms and how Apple itself supports developers in its second biggest market."
"Apple hack exposes flaws in building apps in China " "BEIJING China's ""Great Firewall"" may have been partly to blame for the first major attack on Apple Inc's  App Store  but experts also point the finger at lax security procedures of some big-name Chinese tech firms and how Apple itself supports developers in its second biggest market. | Video "
"China's 'fake' Apple stores thrive ahead of new iPhone launch " "HONG KONG On a bustling street in China's southern boomtown of Shenzhen  more than 30 stores carrying Apple Inc's iconic white logos peddle pre-orders for the new iPhone  a gadget that has become a status symbol among many better-off Chinese. | Video "
"China's 'fake' Apple stores thrive ahead of new iPhone launch " "HONG KONG  Sept 24 On a bustling street in China's southern boomtown of Shenzhen  more than 30 stores carrying Apple Inc's iconic white logos peddle pre-orders for the new iPhone  a gadget that has become a status symbol among many better-off Chinese."
"T-Mobile offers cheapest iPhone 6s for $5 under trade-in plan " "Sept 23 T-Mobile US Inc offered the cheapest option to own the latest iPhone at $5 under the company's trade-in plan  amid fierce competition among the top U.S. carriers ahead of Apple Inc's highly anticipated phone launch."
"T-Mobile offers cheapest iPhone 6s for $5 under trade-in plan " "T-Mobile US Inc offered the cheapest option to own the latest iPhone at $5 under the company's trade-in plan  amid fierce competition among the top U.S. carriers ahead of Apple Inc's highly anticipated phone launch."
"Apple lists top 25 apps hit by malware in first major attack " "Apple Inc  said the WeChat messaging app and car-hailing app DiDi Taxi were among the 25 most popular apps that were found to be infected with malicious software  the first-ever large-scale attack on its App Store."
"Apple lists top 25 apps hit by malware " "Sept 24 Apple Inc said the WeChat messaging app and car-hailing app DiDi Taxi were among the 25 most popular apps found to be infected with malicious software."
"China's 'fake' Apple stores thrive ahead of new iPhone launch " "HONG KONG On a bustling street in China's southern boomtown of Shenzhen  more than 30 stores carrying Apple Inc's iconic white logos peddle pre-orders for the new iPhone  a gadget that has become a status symbol among many better-off Chinese. | Video "
"New iPhone 6s to hit stores Friday in test for Apple " "SAN FRANCISCO The new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus arrive in stores and at consumers' doorsteps on Friday  kicking off a sales cycle that will be scrutinized for signs of how much juice Apple's marquee product has left."
"Sprint unveils $1 plan ahead of new iPhone launch " "Sprint Corp announced a $1 per month plan for Apple Inc's new iPhone  upping the ante in a battle among top U.S. carriers to sign up customers ahead of the phone's launch on Friday."
"Sprint unveils $1 plan for new iPhones " "Sept 24 Sprint Corp announced a $1 per month plan for Apple Inc's new iPhone  upping the ante in a battle among top U.S. carriers to sign up customers ahead of the phone's launch on Friday."
"UPDATE 1-China's 'fake' Apple stores thrive ahead of new iPhone launch " "HONG KONG  Sept 24 On a bustling street in China's southern boomtown of Shenzhen  more than 30 stores carrying Apple Inc's iconic white logos peddle pre-orders for the new iPhone  a gadget that has become a status symbol among many better-off Chinese."
"UPDATE 2-Apple lists top 25 apps hit by malware in first major attack " "Sept 24 Apple Inc said the WeChat messaging app and car-hailing app DiDi Taxi were among the 25 most popular apps that were found to be infected with malicious software  the first-ever large-scale attack on its App Store."
"New iPhone 6s to hit stores Friday in test for Apple " "SAN FRANCISCO The new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus arrive in stores and at consumers' doorsteps on Friday  kicking off a sales cycle that will be scrutinized for signs of how much juice Apple's marquee product has left."
"New pink iPhones prove popular as record weekend sales expected " "SAN FRANCISCO/SYDNEY The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus hit stores around the world on Friday  kicking off what is expected to be a record weekend of sales as customers scrambled to buy Apple Inc's  marquee product in pink for the first time."
"New pink iPhones prove popular as record weekend sales expected " "SAN FRANCISCO/SYDNEY The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus hit stores around the world on Friday  kicking off what is expected to be a record weekend of sales as customers scrambled to buy Apple Inc's  marquee product in pink for the first time. | Video "
"RPT-Apple fans brave Sydney rain as new iPhone 6s hit stores " "SYDNEY/SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 25 The new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus hit stores on Friday  with dozens of people - and a robot - queueing in Sydney to kick off a global sales cycle that will be scrutinized for signs of how much juice Apple Inc's  marquee product has left."
"Apple reports record sales of iPhone 6s  6s Plus in first weekend " "Apple said on Monday it had sold more than 13 million iPhone 6s and 6s Pluses during their first weekend of availability in 12 markets  setting a record for its marquee product."
"Apple reports record sales of iPhone 6s  6s Plus in first weekend " "Apple  said on Monday it had sold more than 13 million iPhone 6s and 6s Pluses during their first weekend of availability in 12 markets  setting a record for its marquee product. | Video "
"Hon Hai considering buying $1.7 billion stake in Sharp LCD unit: paper " "TOKYO Taiwan's Hon Hai Precision Industry Co is considering buying a majority stake in Sharp Corp's loss-making LCD business for up to 200 billion yen ($1.7 billion)  Japan's Mainichi newspaper said on Monday  without citing any sources."
"Hon Hai considering buying $1.7 bln stake in Sharp LCD unit-paper " "TOKYO  Sept 28 Taiwan's Hon Hai Precision Industry Co is considering buying a majority stake in Sharp Corp's loss-making LCD business for up to 200 billion yen ($1.7 billion)  Japan's Mainichi newspaper said on Monday  without citing any sources."
"REFILE-Apple reports record sales of iPhone 6s  6s Plus in first weekend " "Sept 28 Apple said on Monday it sold more than 13 million iPhone 6s and 6s Plus in the first weekend on the market  a new record for its marquee product."
"REFILE-UPDATE 1-Apple reports record sales of iPhone 6s  6s Plus in first weekend " "Sept 28 Apple said on Monday it sold more than 13 million iPhone 6s and 6s Plus during the first weekend on the market  a new record for its marquee product."
"UPDATE 3-Apple reports record sales of iPhone 6s  6s Plus in first weekend " "Sept 28 Apple said on Monday it had sold more than 13 million iPhone 6s and 6s Pluses during their first weekend of availability in 12 markets  setting a record for its marquee product."
"Apple reports record sales of iPhone 6s  6s Plus in first weekend " "Apple said on Monday it had sold more than 13 million iPhone 6s and 6s Pluses during their first weekend of availability in 12 markets  setting a record for its marquee product. | Video "
"Icahn urges Fed to get off zero  says 'treacherous path' undertaken " "NEW YORK Billionaire investor activist Carl Icahn ramped up criticism of the U.S. Federal Reserve  warning about the unintended consequences of ultra low interest rates on the economy and financial markets. | Video "
"UPDATE 3-Google unveils latest Nexus phones  tablet " "Sept 29 Google Inc unveiled its new Nexus phones on Tuesday in its latest attempt to take a bite out of Apple's dominant share of the smartphone market."
"Apple launches Apple Music in China " "Apple Inc launched Apple Music along with iTunes Movies and iBooks in China and said the cloud-based music streaming service will roll out on Android phones this fall."
"Apple launches Apple Music in China " "Sept 29 Apple Inc launched Apple Music along with iTunes Movies and iBooks in China and said the cloud-based music streaming service will roll out on Android phones this fall."
"Average Apple Watch sells for $529  at top end of estimates: report " "Apple Inc’s  new Watch sells for an average of $529  including accessories  at the high end of Wall Street estimates  according to findings by research firm Wristly."
"Average Apple Watch sells for $529  at top end of estimates -report " "Sept 30 Apple Inc's new Watch sells for an average of $529  including accessories  at the high end of Wall Street estimates  according to findings by research firm Wristly."
"Carl Icahn says would 'keep cash' given market risks: CNBC " "NEW YORK Billionaire activist investor Carl Icahn said on Wednesday he would recommend investors hold cash given market risks and that he was ""seriously considering"" buying ""a lot more"" shares of Apple Inc."
"Carl Icahn says would 'keep cash' given market risks -CNBC " "NEW YORK  Sept 30 Billionaire activist investor Carl Icahn said on Wednesday that he would recommend investors hold cash given market risks and that he was considering buying ""a lot more"" shares of Apple Inc.."
"UPDATE 1-Carl Icahn says would 'keep cash' given market risks - CNBC " "NEW YORK  Sept 30 Billionaire activist investor Carl Icahn said on Wednesday he would recommend investors hold cash given market risks and that he was ""seriously considering"" buying ""a lot more"" shares of Apple Inc."
"Apple appoints former Boeing CFO to its board " "Apple Inc said on Thursday it appointed James Bell  Boeing Co's former chief financial officer  to its board."
"Short sellers cash in Apple bets as stock declines " "SAN FRANCISCO Many short sellers appear to have unwound their bets against Apple this week  and a 6 percent fall in the stock price suggests they made money as investor worries about the company countered a record launch of its newest iPhone."
"Short sellers cash in Apple bets as stock declines " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 1 Many short sellers appear to have unwound their bets against Apple this week  and a 6 percent fall in the stock price suggests they made money as investor worries about the company countered a record launch of its newest iPhone."
"TREASURIES-Bond prices rise ahead of U.S. jobs report " "* Weakest U.S. ISM factory index since May 2013 raises concerns"
"UPDATE 1-Apple appoints former Boeing CFO to its board " "Oct 1 Apple Inc said on Thursday it appointed James Bell  Boeing Co's former chief financial officer  to its board."
"US STOCKS-Wall St slips as Apple falls  factory activity slows " "* Indexes down: Dow 0.59 pct  S&P 0.31 pct  Nasdaq 0.57 pct   (Adds details  changes comment  updates prices)"
"Judges reject bonus plans for executives at bankrupt companies " "WILMINGTON  Del A U.S. judge on Friday rejected a plan to pay millions of dollars in bonuses to top executives of bankrupt miner Molycorp Inc   two days after GT Advanced Technologies Inc  failed to get approval of a similar plan."
"Judges reject bonus plans for executives at bankrupt companies " "WILMINGTON  Del  Oct 2 A U.S. judge on Friday rejected a plan to pay millions of dollars in bonuses to top executives of bankrupt miner Molycorp Inc  two days after GT Advanced Technologies Inc failed to get approval of a similar plan."
"PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - Oct 2 " "Oct 2 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy."
"PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - Oct 2 " "Oct 2 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy."
"VMware shares pare gains after report Apple not renewing licensing agreement " "NEW YORK VMware shares sharply pared gains on Monday after CRN reported Apple will not renew an expiring VMware enterprise licensing agreement."
"Apple 'own worst enemy ' U.S. antitrust monitor says in report " "NEW YORK Apple Inc's antitrust compliance program has improved  but the company continues to impede a court-appointed monitor overseeing the program  acting as ""its own worst enemy "" the monitor told a federal judge in a report made public on Tuesday."
"Apple 'own worst enemy ' U.S. antitrust monitor says in report " "NEW YORK  Oct 6 Apple Inc 's antitrust compliance program has improved  but the company continues to impede a court-appointed monitor overseeing the program  acting as ""its own worst enemy "" the monitor told a federal judge in a report made public on Tuesday."
"REFILE-Big U.S. firms hold $2.1 trillion overseas to avoid taxes -study " "WASHINGTON  Oct 6 The 500 largest American companies hold more than $2.1 trillion in accumulated profits offshore to avoid U.S. taxes and would collectively owe an estimated $620 billion in U.S. taxes if they repatriated the funds  according to a study released on Tuesday."
"Samsung Elec struggles to find fix for smartphone woes " "SEOUL  Oct 6 More than a year into the overhaul of its smartphone lineup  Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  has yet to find a way to reverse a slide in market share or margins  clouding its growth outlook and fuelling investor impatience."
"Samsung Electronics struggles to find fix for smartphone woes " "SEOUL More than a year into the overhaul of its smartphone lineup  Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  has yet to find a way to reverse a slide in market share or margins  clouding its growth outlook and fuelling investor impatience."
"Samsung Electronics struggles to find fix for smartphone woes " "SEOUL More than a year into the overhaul of its smartphone lineup  Samsung Electronics Co Ltd has yet to find a way to reverse a slide in market share or margins  clouding its growth outlook and fuelling investor impatience."
"Apple Pay to expand to Starbucks  Chili's  KFC " "HALF MOON BAY  Calif Starbucks Corp  coffee shops will begin accepting Apple Inc's  mobile payment system in a pilot program starting this year  Apple Vice President Jennifer Bailey said on Thursday."
"Apple Pay to land in Starbucks  Chili's  KFC " "HALF MOON BAY  Calif  Oct 8 Starbucks Corp  locations will begin accepting Apple Inc's  mobile payment system in a pilot program starting this year  Apple Vice President Jennifer Bailey said at an event on Thursday."
"UPDATE 1-Apple Pay to expand to Starbucks  Chili's  KFC " "HALF MOON BAY  Calif  Oct 8 Starbucks Corp  coffee shops will begin accepting Apple Inc's  mobile payment system in a pilot program starting this year  Apple Vice President Jennifer Bailey said on Thursday."
"Apple Pay to expand to Starbucks  Chili's  KFC " "HALF MOON BAY  Calif Starbucks Corp  coffee shops will begin accepting Apple Inc's  mobile payment system in a pilot program starting this year  Apple Vice President Jennifer Bailey said on Thursday."
"Apple removes some apps from online store over security concerns " "Apple Inc said on Thursday that it had removed ""a few"" applications from its App Store  expressing its concern that the security of some users' personal data could be compromised in certain circumstances."
"Apple removes some apps from online store over security concerns " "Oct 8 Apple Inc said on Thursday that it had removed ""a few"" applications from its App Store  expressing its concern that the security of some users' personal data could be compromised in certain circumstances."
"PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - Oct 9 " "Oct 8 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy."
"Japan-backed fund considering investing in Sharp -Nikkei " "TOKYO  Oct 10 A Japanese government-backed fund is considering investing in embattled Sharp Corp to take the initiative in reorganising the electronics maker's operations  Nikkei business daily reported  without citing sources."
"REFILE-UPDATE 1-Japan-backed fund considering investing in Sharp-source " "TOKYO  Oct 10 A Japanese government-backed fund is considering a range of options to help turn around Sharp Corp  including a direct investment  a person familiar with the matter said."
"Apple loses patent lawsuit to University of Wisconsin  faces hefty damages " "NEW YORK Apple Inc could be facing up to $862 million in damages after a U.S. jury on Tuesday found the iPhone maker used technology owned by the University of Wisconsin-Madison's licensing arm without permission in chips found in many of its most popular devices."
"Apple loses patent lawsuit to Univ. of Wisconsin  faces hefty damages " "NEW YORK Apple Inc could be facing up to $862 million in damages after a U.S. jury on Tuesday found the iPhone maker used technology owned by the University of Wisconsin-Madison's licensing arm without permission in chips found in many of its most popular devices."
"Federal Circuit greenlights $548 million Samsung payout to Apple " "Apple is another step closer to finally receiving the more than $548 million it is owed by Samsung for infringing its patents and designs on the iPhone  after a last-ditch effort to hold off the payment failed on Tuesday in the nation's top patent court."
"Reuters Business News Schedule at 1230 GMT/0830 AM ET " "BRUSSELS/LONDON - The world's two biggest brewers agree to create a company making almost a third of the world's beer after SABMiller accepted an offer worth more than $100 billion from larger rival Anheuser-Busch InBev. (SABMILLER-M&A/A B I (UPDATE 5)  moving shortly  by Philip Blenkinsop and Martinne Geller  830 words)"
"UPDATE 1-Apple loses patent lawsuit to Univ. of Wisconsin  faces hefty damages " "NEW YORK  Oct 13 Apple Inc could be facing up to $862 million in damages after a U.S. jury on Tuesday found the iPhone maker used technology owned by the University of Wisconsin-Madison's licensing arm without permission in chips found in many of its most popular devices."
"UPDATE 1-U.S. judge says Apple e-books antitrust monitor's term to end " "NEW YORK  Oct 13 A U.S. judge on Tuesday agreed to not extend the term of a court-appointed monitor assigned to review Apple Inc's antitrust compliance program despite the difficult environment the monitor faced in dealing with the iPad maker."
"U.S. judge says Apple e-books antitrust monitor's term to end " "NEW YORK A U.S. judge on Tuesday agreed to not extend the term of a court-appointed monitor assigned to review Apple Inc's antitrust compliance program despite the difficult environment the monitor faced in dealing with the iPad maker."
"U.S. says Apple e-books antitrust monitor no longer needed " "NEW YORK  Oct 13 The U.S. Justice Department has determined that Apple Inc has implemented significant improvements to its antitrust compliance program and that a court-appointed monitor's term does not need extended  according to a court filing."
"Apple faces $400 million in damages in university patent case: sources " "NEW YORK Apple's potential damages in a patent fight with the University of Wisconsin's licensing body could reach $400 million as a trial on the amount Apple owes for infringing a processor patent got under way on Wednesday  two people familiar with the case said."
"Apple faces $400 mln in damages in university patent case - sources " "NEW YORK  Oct 14 Apple's potential damages in a patent fight with the University of Wisconsin's licensing body could reach $400 million as a trial on the amount Apple owes for infringing a processor patent got under way on Wednesday  two people familiar with the case said."
"Apple faces $400 mln in damages in university patent case - sources " "Oct 14 - Apple's potential damages in a patent fight with the University of Wisconsin's licensing body could reach $400 million as a trial on the amount Apple owes for infringing a processor patent got under way on Wednesday  two people familiar with the case said."
"Apple loses patent lawsuit to Univ. of Wisconsin  faces hefty damages " "Oct 14 - Apple Inc could be facing up to $862 million in damages after a U.S. jury on Tuesday found the iPhone maker used technology owned by the University of Wisconsin-Madison's licensing arm without permission in chips found in many of its most popular devices."
"UK firm appeals to digital music refuseniks with Jukebox service " "LONDON  Oct 14 A British start-up has launched a music streaming service dubbed the Electric Jukebox that  for an annual fee  plugs into the back of a television for music fans who do not want to fiddle with app-based monthly subscription services."
"BUZZ-Renishaw: best day in 2.5 months after update " "** British precision engineer Renishaw up c7 pct and top gainer on the FTSE 250 index in robust volume"
"Indonesian president to court tech giants on U.S. trip " "JAKARTA Indonesia's president will court tech giants Apple and Google during his first trip to the United States this month  seeking investment for sustainable mining and greater internet access  a senior cabinet minister told Reuters."
"UPDATE 1-Chipmaker TSMC cuts 2015 capex by over 20 pct on weak global demand " "* Says continuing inventory adjustments to weigh on Q4 revenue"
"Apple ordered to pay $234 million to university for infringing patent " "A U.S. jury on Friday ordered Apple Inc  to pay the University of Wisconsin-Madison's patent licensing arm more than $234 million in damages for incorporating its microchip technology into some of the company's iPhones and iPads without permission."
"Apple ordered to pay $234 mln to university for infringing patent " "A U.S. jury on Friday ordered Apple Inc  to pay the University of Wisconsin-Madison's patent licensing arm more than $234 million in damages for incorporating its microchip technology into some of the company's iPhones and iPads without permission."
"Apple ordered to pay $234 mln to university for infringing patent " "A U.S. jury on Friday ordered Apple Inc  to pay the University of Wisconsin-Madison's patent licensing arm more than $234 million in damages for incorporating its microchip technology into some of the company's iPhones and iPads without permission."
"REFILE-Apple ordered to pay $234 mln to university for infringing patent " "Oct 16 A U.S. jury on Friday ordered Apple Inc  to pay the University of Wisconsin-Madison's patent licensing arm more than $234  million in damages for incorporating its microchip technology into some of the company's iPhones and iPads without permission."
"University cannot get triple damages in patent fight with Apple " "NEW YORK  Oct 16 The University of Wisconsin-Madison's patent licensing body will not be able to extract triple damages from Apple as a jury weighs how much the iPhone maker must pay for using its microchip technology without permission  a U.S. judge ruled on Thursday."
"University cannot get triple damages in patent fight with Apple " "The University of Wisconsin-Madison's patent licensing body will not be able to extract triple damages from Apple as a jury weighs how much the iPhone maker must pay for using its microchip technology without permission  a U.S. judge ruled on Thursday."
"UPDATE 3-Apple ordered to pay $234 mln to university for infringing patent " "Oct 16 A U.S. jury on Friday ordered Apple Inc  to pay the University of Wisconsin-Madison's patent licensing arm more than $234 million in damages for incorporating its microchip technology into some of the company's iPhones and iPads without permission."
"Apple's auto ambitions sideswipe electric motorcycle startup " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc's  aggressive recruitment of auto experts as it explores building a car has left a promising  if financially troubled  electric motorcycle startup in the dust."
"Apple's auto ambitions sideswipe electric motorcycle startup " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 19 Apple Inc's  aggressive recruitment of auto experts as it explores building a car has left a promising  if financially troubled  electric motorcycle startup in the dust."
"RPT-Apple's auto ambitions sideswipe electric motorcycle startup " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 19 Apple Inc's  aggressive recruitment of auto experts as it explores building a car has left a promising  if financially troubled  electric motorcycle startup in the dust."
"UPDATE 3-Chipmaker Microsemi trumps Skyworks' bid for PMC-Sierra " "* PMC shares rise 15 pct  Microsemi shares fall 5 pct   (Adds details from conference call  analyst comment  background; update shares)"
"Apple Music hits 6.5 million paid users - Tim Cook " "Apple Inc's new music streaming service has netted more than 6.5 million paid users  the tech giant's Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook said on Monday. | Video "
"Apple Music hits 6.5 million paid users: Tim Cook " "Apple Inc's  new music streaming service has netted more than 6.5 million paid users  the tech giant's Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook said on Monday. | Video "
"Apple tells U.S. judge 'impossible' to unlock new iPhones " "NEW YORK Apple Inc  told a U.S. judge that accessing data stored on a locked iPhone would be ""impossible"" with devices using its latest operating system  but the company has the ""technical ability"" to help law enforcement unlock older phones."
"Apple tells U.S. judge 'impossible' to unlock new iPhones " "NEW YORK Apple Inc told a U.S. judge that accessing data stored on a locked iPhone would be ""impossible"" with devices using its latest operating system  but the company has the ""technical ability"" to help law enforcement unlock older phones."
"CORRECTED-Apple tells U.S. judge 'impossible' to unlock new iPhones " "NEW YORK  Oct 20 Apple Inc told a U.S. judge that accessing data stored on a locked iPhone would be ""impossible"" with devices using its latest operating system  but the company has the ""technical ability"" to help law enforcement unlock older phones."
"GM  LG partnership on Chevy Bolt may be roadmap for future deals " "DETROIT General Motors Co on Tuesday outlined a wide-ranging partnership with Korean electronics firm LG Corp for production of the 2017 Chevrolet Bolt electric car that could establish a blueprint for such collaborations in the future."
"GM  LG partnership on Chevy Bolt may be roadmap for future deals " "DETROIT  Oct 20 General Motors Co on Tuesday outlined a wide-ranging partnership with Korean electronics firm LG Corp for production of the 2017 Chevrolet Bolt electric car that could establish a blueprint for such collaborations in the future."
"US STOCKS-Wall St ends down with healthcare  IBM; United Tech jumps " "* Indexes: Dow down 0.1 pct  S&P down 0.1 pct  Nasdaq down 0.5 pct   (Updates to close)"
"Wall Street ends down with healthcare  IBM; United Tech rises " "U.S. stocks ended slightly lower on Tuesday as a decline in healthcare and biotech stocks offset gains in United Technologies and Verizon. | Video "
"What to Watch in the Day Ahead - Wednesday  Oct 21 " "(The Day Ahead is an email and PDF publication that includes the day's major stories and events  analyses and other features. To receive The Day Ahead  Eikon users can register at . Thomson One users can register at RT/DAY/US. All times in ET/GMT)  General Motors Co  the No.1 U.S. automaker  will try to convince a skeptical Wall Street that much of its problems are behind it  as it reports its third-quarter results. A slowdown in sales in China and South America is expected to weigh down a mo"
"Apple tells U.S. judge 'impossible' to unlock new iPhones " "NEW YORK Apple Inc  told a U.S. judge that accessing data stored on a locked iPhone would be ""impossible"" with devices using its latest operating system  but the company has the ""technical ability"" to help law enforcement unlock older phones."
"Apple tells U.S. judge 'impossible' to unlock new iPhones " "NEW YORK Apple Inc told a U.S. judge that accessing data stored on a locked iPhone would be ""impossible"" with devices using its latest operating system  but the company has the ""technical ability"" to help law enforcement unlock older phones."
"Japan's Nidec to lift investment in touch technology used in iPhones " "TOKYO  Oct 21 Japanese components maker Nidec Corp said it was increasing capital spending to meet stronger demand for haptic technology  which industry sources say is used in the ""force touch"" feature in Apple Inc's  latest iPhones."
"UPDATE 1-Apple tells U.S. judge 'impossible' to unlock new iPhones " "NEW YORK  Oct 20 Apple Inc told a U.S. judge that accessing data stored on a locked iPhone would be ""impossible"" with devices using its latest operating system  but the company has the ""technical ability"" to help law enforcement unlock older phones."
"Apple to build more solar projects in China  green its suppliers " "WASHINGTON/SAN FRANCISCO Apple announced Wednesday it will build 200 megawatts of solar energy projects in China and work with local suppliers to source more renewable energy  its latest moves to green its Chinese supply chain amid criticism that its local partners are heavy polluters."
"Apple to build more solar projects in China  green its suppliers " "WASHINGTON/SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 21 Apple announced Wednesday it will build 200 megawatts of solar energy projects in China and work with local suppliers to source more renewable energy  its latest moves to green its Chinese supply chain amid criticism that its local partners are heavy polluters."
"Nasdaq 100 index may see record with Apple earnings due Tuesday " "NEW YORK The Nasdaq 100  index  dominated by U.S. technology stocks  may set a record high next week  helped by good earnings from Apple Inc  expected on Tuesday."
"Wall St Week Ahead-Nasdaq 100 index may see record with Apple earnings due Tuesday " "NEW YORK  Oct 23 The Nasdaq 100 index  dominated by U.S. technology stocks  may set a record high next week  helped by good earnings from Apple Inc expected on Tuesday."
"Nasdaq 100 index may see record with Apple earnings due Tuesday " "NEW YORK The Nasdaq 100 index  dominated by U.S. technology stocks  may set a record high next week  helped by good earnings from Apple Inc expected on Tuesday."
"Nasdaq may see record with Apple earnings " "NEW YORK The Nasdaq 100 index  dominated by U.S. technology stocks  may set a record high next week  helped by good earnings from Apple Inc expected on Tuesday."
"RPT-Wall St Week Ahead-Nasdaq 100 index may see record with Apple earnings due Tuesday " "NEW YORK  Oct 25 The Nasdaq 100 index  dominated by U.S. technology stocks  may set a record high next week  helped by good earnings from Apple Inc expected on Tuesday."
"Apple  AT&T and others say Adaptix trying to change patent law " "Smartphone makers and telecom companies cannot be held liable for patent infringement merely by selling devices that may infringe when used by a customer  Apple Inc  AT&T Mobility and others have told a U.S. appeals court in response to an appeal by patent holder Adaptix Inc."
"Apple Pay growth slows a year after launch: research " "LAS VEGAS Apple Inc's mobile wallet Apple Pay is winning over more U.S. households a year after its launch  but growth has slowed  research released on Monday showed."
"Dow  S&P 500 end down slightly as Apple  energy weigh " "The Dow and the S&P 500 edged lower on Monday as energy shares dropped with oil prices and Apple retreated a day before its quarterly results. | Video "
"JPMorgan Chase says it is building a rival to Apple Pay " "LAS VEGAS JPMorgan Chase & Co  said on Monday it will soon launch its own competitor to Apple Pay that will allow consumers to pay retailers using their smartphones in stores  and it has already won the endorsement of a major group of merchants."
"JPMorgan Chase says it is building a rival to Apple Pay " "LAS VEGAS  Oct 26 JPMorgan Chase & Co  said on Monday it will soon launch its own competitor to Apple Pay that will allow consumers to pay retailers using their smartphones in stores  and it has already won the endorsement of a major group of merchants."
"UPDATE 1-JPMorgan Chase says it is building a rival to Apple Pay " "LAS VEGAS  Oct 26 JPMorgan Chase & Co  said on Monday it will soon launch its own competitor to Apple Pay that will allow consumers to pay retailers using their smartphones in stores  and it has already won the endorsement of a major group of merchants."
"U.S. judge expresses doubts over forcing Apple to unlock iPhone " "A U.S. judge on Monday expressed strong doubts that he had the legal authority to order Apple Inc to access data on a locked iPhone that was seized as part of a federal investigation."
"US STOCKS-Dow  S&P 500 end down slightly as Apple  energy weigh " "* Dow down 0.1 pct  S&P down 0.2 pct  Nasdaq up 0.1 pct   (Updates close with Hartford Financial down after the bell)"
"US STOCKS-Dow  S&P 500 end down slightly as Apple  energy weigh " "* Dow down 0.1 pct  S&P down 0.2 pct  Nasdaq up 0.1 pct   (Updates to close)"
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Dow  S&P 500 ends down with energy  Apple " "NEW YORK  Oct 26 The Dow and the S&P 500 edged lower on Monday after recent gains as energy shares fell with oil prices and Apple retreated a day before its quarterly results."
"Apple beats Wall Street  investors wary of China sales " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc  painted a rosy picture for its new iPhones on Tuesday  but a sequential slowdown of overall sales in China cast doubt on the strength of its business in the world's most important market for smartphones. | Video "
"Apple CFO says no sign of slowdown in China " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc  did not see any kind of slowdown in its increasingly important China market in the fiscal fourth quarter  Chief Financial Officer Luca Maestri told Reuters in a phone interview on Tuesday."
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Asia stocks slip on weaker Wall Street  Fed awaited " "TOKYO  Oct 28 Asian stocks slipped early on Wednesday  taking cues from an overnight decline on Wall Street while a wait-and-see mood prevailed ahead of a policy statement from the U.S. Federal Reserve due later in the day."
"Robust iPhone sales boost Apple's chip suppliers " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 27 Shares of companies that sell semiconductors to Apple Inc got a shot in the arm on Tuesday after the iPhone maker posted a fiscal fourth-quarter report that pleased Wall Street."
"Robust iPhone sales boost Apple's chip suppliers " "SAN FRANCISCO Shares of companies that sell semiconductors to Apple Inc  got a shot in the arm on Tuesday after the iPhone maker posted a fiscal fourth-quarter report that pleased Wall Street."
"RPT-US STOCKS-Wall St slips on rate uncertainty; Apple up after the bell " "* Nasdaq 100 futures rise after Apple results; crude oil lower; energy shares slip"
"UPDATE 3-Apple beats Wall Street  investors wary of China sales " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 27 Apple Inc painted a rosy picture for its new iPhones on Tuesday  but a sequential slowdown of overall sales in China cast doubt on the strength of its business in the world's most important market for smartphones."
"US STOCKS-Wall St slips on rate uncertainty; Apple up after the bell " "* Nasdaq 100 futures rise after Apple results; crude oil lower; energy shares slip"
"Wall St. slips on rate uncertainty; Apple up after the bell " "U.S. stocks slipped on Tuesday on uncertainty over the U.S. rate outlook and disappointing results from Ford and other companies."
"Apple CFO says no sign of slowdown in China " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc  did not see any kind of slowdown in its increasingly important China market in the fiscal fourth quarter  Chief Financial Officer Luca Maestri told Reuters in a phone interview on Tuesday."
"Apple defies China slowdown fears with strong iPhone sales " "Apple Inc  reported blockbuster iPhone sales in China  suggesting that worries about the company's growth trajectory in the world's second-largest economy are overdone. | Video "
"Apple investors focus on iPhone sales for the holiday quarter " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc  painted a rosy picture for its new iPhones as it reported quarterly results on Tuesday  but investors were more focussed on the company's next test: topping last year's record holiday sales. | Video "
"Apple's success bittersweet for Europe-listed suppliers " "LONDON Apple's main suppliers rallied on Wednesday in sympathy with the tech giant's forecast-beating results  but that's only half of the story as shares in companies like Dialog  Manz and AMS stay sharply down this week on their challenging outlook."
"Apple's success bittersweet for Europe-listed suppliers " "LONDON  Oct 28 Apple's main suppliers rallied on Wednesday in sympathy with the tech giant's forecast-beating results  but that's only half of the story as shares in companies like Dialog  Manz and AMS stay sharply down this week on their challenging outlook."
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Shares gain on Apple  Riksbank stimulus; Fed statement due " "NEW YORK  Oct 28 U.S. and European stocks rose on Wednesday ahead of the Federal Reserve's afternoon decision  which investors hope will clarify the central bank's rate hike plans."
"Robust iPhone sales boost Apple's chip suppliers " "SAN FRANCISCO Shares of companies that sell semiconductors to Apple Inc got a shot in the arm on Tuesday after the iPhone maker posted a fiscal fourth-quarter report that pleased Wall Street."
"Taiwan tech company shuts China plant amid sluggish tablet demand " "HONG KONG/TAIPEI A Taiwan company that makes backlight modules used in Apple Inc's iPad as well as other products said it was closing one of its China factories due to sluggish global demand for tablets."
"US STOCKS-Wall St cuts gains after Fed statement " "* Indexes up: Dow 0.1 pct  S&P 0.1 pct  Nasdaq 0.03 pct   (Updates to after Fed statement)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St jumps as Fed keeps Dec rate hike in play " "* Indexes up: Dow 1.1 pct  S&P 1.2 pct  Nasdaq 1.3 pct   (Updates to close)"
"Apple asks U.S. Supreme Court to toss e-books antitrust decision " "NEW YORK Apple Inc has asked the U.S. Supreme Court to overturn an appellate court decision that found the iPad maker conspired with five publishers to increase e-book prices."
"Apple asks U.S. Supreme Court to toss e-books antitrust decision " "NEW YORK Apple Inc has asked the U.S. Supreme Court to overturn an appellate court decision that found the iPad maker conspired with five publishers to increase e-book prices."
"Apple asks U.S. Supreme Court to toss e-books antitrust decision " "NEW YORK  Oct 29 Apple Inc has asked the U.S. Supreme Court to overturn an appellate court decision that found the iPad maker conspired with five publishers to increase e-book prices."
"Taiwan stocks edge up  Apple suppliers  Coretronics gain " "TAIPEI  Oct 29 Taiwan stocks rose on Thursday along with gains on Wall Street  with Apple Inc  suppliers trading higher after the iPhone maker posted a near doubling of revenue from China."
"UPDATE 2-Microsemi tops Skyworks' offer for PMC as bidding war intensifies " "Oct 30 Microsemi Corp hiked its offer to buy PMC-Sierra Inc to about $2.33 billion  topping a $2.27 billion bid from Skyworks Solutions Inc and extending - but perhaps not ending - a bidding war that started almost two weeks ago."
"PMC-Sierra says Microsemi's new bid not superior to Skyworks offer " "Nov 2 Chipmaker PMC-Sierra Inc said Microsemi Corp's latest stock and cash proposal is not superior to Skyworks Solutions Inc's all-cash offer  which provides ""more value certainty"" to shareholders."
"Apple opens subsidiary in Vietnam  tapping smartphone growth " "HANOI Apple Inc has opened a subsidiary company in Vietnam  allowing the maker of iPhones to import and distribute cellphones directly in one of the fastest growing smartphone markets in the Asia-Pacific."
"Apple opens subsidiary in Vietnam  tapping smartphone growth " "HANOI  Nov 5 Apple Inc has opened a subsidiary company in Vietnam  allowing the maker of iPhones to import and distribute cellphones directly in one of the fastest growing smartphone markets in the Asia-Pacific."
"Apple defeats U.S. class action lawsuit over bag searches " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc  defeated a U.S. class action lawsuit brought by Apple retail workers over bag search practices at the company's California brick and mortar outlets  according to a court ruling on Saturday."
"Apple defeats U.S. class action lawsuit over bag searches " "SAN FRANCISCO  Nov 7 Apple Inc defeated a U.S. class action lawsuit brought by Apple retail workers over the company's bag search practices  according to a court ruling on Saturday."
"UPDATE 2-Apple defeats U.S. class action lawsuit over bag searches " "SAN FRANCISCO  Nov 7 Apple Inc defeated a U.S. class action lawsuit brought by Apple retail workers over bag search practices at the company's California brick and mortar outlets  according to a court ruling on Saturday."
"Apple defeats U.S. class action lawsuit over bag searches " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc defeated a U.S. class action lawsuit brought by Apple retail workers over bag search practices at the company's California brick and mortar outlets  according to a court ruling on Saturday."
"Apple's iPad Pro to go on sale Wednesday " "Apple Inc  said its iPad Pro will be available to order online on Wednesday and arrive at stores later this week."
"Apple's iPad Pro to go on sale Wednesday " "Nov 9 Apple Inc said its iPad Pro will be available for ordering online on Wednesday and will arrive at stores later this week."
"Ireland still sees EU tax decision on Apple by year-end " "BRUSSELS  Nov 9 - Ireland continues to expect European Union regulators to issue a decision on the country's tax deal with Apple before the end of the year  the country's finance minister said on Monday  a move which could force the iPhone maker to pay substantial back taxes."
"Swiss watchmaker Tag Heuer teams up with big tech for smartwatch " "NEW YORK LVMH's Tag Heuer became on Monday the first Swiss watchmaker to offer a ""smartwatch"" to customers that combines Swiss design with U.S. technology  seeking to tap a growing market for wearable devices amid flagging sales of traditional watches."
"UPDATE 1-Apple's iPad Pro to go on sale Wednesday " "Nov 9 Apple Inc said its iPad Pro will be available to order online on Wednesday and arrive at stores later this week."
"UPDATE 1-Swiss watchmaker Tag Heuer teams up with big tech for smartwatch " "* Signs wearable devices may be taking market share   (Adds comments from CEO  watch details; changes dateline  previous ZURICH)"
"UPDATE 3-Hedge fund Elliott to oppose Dialog's takeover of Atmel " "* Shares up 5 pct   (Adds Dialog Semiconductor shares up 5 percent  more comments from Elliott)"
"US STOCKS-Small gain on Wall St as investors eye rate hike " "* Indexes: Dow up 0.16 pct  S&P up 0.15 pct  Nasdaq down 0.24 pct   (Updates to close)"
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall St opens lower as Apple weighs " "Nov 10 U.S. stock indexes opened lower on Tuesday  dragged down by Apple  as investors braced for an interest rate hike next month and worried about a slowdown in China."
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall Street closes slightly higher; investors await rate hike " "Nov 10 U.S. stocks ended slightly higher on Tuesday as gains in Walt Disney and Amazon.com  were offset by a drop in Apple Inc and investors hunkered down for a potential interest rate hike next month."
"US STOCKS-Wall St mixed as Apple weighs and investors eye rate hike " "* Indexes mixed: Dow and S&P flat  Nasdaq down 0.4 pct   (Updates to afternoon)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St set for lower open as rate hike looms " "* Futures down: Dow 19 pts  S&P 2.8 pts  Nasdaq 19.25 pts   (Adds details  comment  updates prices)"
"Apple announces 1 000 new jobs in Ireland as EU tax ruling nears " "DUBLIN Apple's chief executive said a looming European Union tax ruling on its dealings with Ireland would not affect its presence in the country where it declares much of its overseas profit and where it added 1 000 new jobs on Wednesday."
"Apple CEO says committed to Ireland regardless of EU ruling: RTE " "DUBLIN Apple is committed to staying in Ireland even if European Union regulators rule against the country's tax deal with the iPhone maker  Chief Executive Tim Cook was quoted as saying on Wednesday."
"Apple CEO says committed to Ireland regardless of EU ruling - RTE " "DUBLIN  Nov 11 Apple is committed to staying in Ireland even if European Union regulators rule against the country's tax deal with the iPhone maker  Chief Executive Tim Cook was quoted as saying on Wednesday."
"Apple in talks with U.S. banks for person-to-person payment service: WSJ " "Apple Inc  is in talks with U.S. banks to develop a person-to-person mobile payment service  the Wall Street Journal reported."
"Apple in talks with US banks for person-to-person payment service - WSJ " "Nov 11 Apple Inc is in talks with U.S. banks to develop a person-to-person mobile payment service  the Wall Street Journal reported."
"Apple to add 1 000 jobs in Ireland -minister " "DUBLIN  Nov 11 Apple is to hire an additional 1 000 staff in Ireland  a government minister said on Wednesday  as the U.S. technology company bids to boost its presence in the country where it declares much of its profit for tax purposes."
"Nikkei flat as market looks overbought  Apple suppliers underperform " "* Apple suppliers underperform after brokerage says component orders cut"
"UPDATE 1-Apple in talks with US banks for person-to-person payment service - WSJ " "Nov 11 Apple Inc is in talks with U.S. banks to develop a person-to-person mobile payment service  the Wall Street Journal reported."
"UPDATE 2-Apple announces 1 000 new jobs in Ireland as EU tax ruling nears " "* Dublin expects ruling in 2016  welcomes 1 000 Apple jobs   (Adds CEO quotes)"
"After patent trial loss to Google  antipiracy firm sets sights on Apple " "Apple Inc  which helped move consumer listening and movie-watching habits into the digital age  will defend against allegations it used another company's technology to combat piracy of that media content in its phones and computers  in a trial set to begin Thursday."
"Apple to power Singapore operations with renewable energy " "Nov 15 Apple announced on Sunday that it has struck a deal to power all of its Singapore operations with renewable energy  the latest in a series of steps from the company to turn its operations worldwide green."
"UPDATE 1-Hedge funds trimmed Apple stakes during 3rd-qtr share slump " "NEW YORK  Nov 16 Top U.S. hedge funds trimmed their positions in Apple Inc during the third quarter  when shares of the iPhone maker fell sharply."
"Taiwan stocks up  Apple supplier Hon Hai leads tech rally " "TAIPEI  Nov 17 Taiwan stocks rose on Tuesday  led by technology shares and buying in Hon Hai Precision Industry after the key supplier to Apple Inc  reported solid third-quarter profit."
"BRIEF-Zhonghuan Semiconductor's unit plans photovoltaic power projects with Apple  SunPower " "* Says unit plans photovoltaic power station projects in Inner Mongolia with Apple  SunPower"
"US STOCKS-Apple  energy stocks lead gains; Fed minutes awaited " "* Indexes up: Dow 0.49 pct  S&P 0.50 pct  Nasdaq 0.46 pct   (Updates to open)"
"US STOCKS-Apple  health stocks boost indexes; Fed minutes awaited " "* Indexes up: Dow 0.80 pct  S&P 0.81 pct  Nasdaq 0.89 pct   (Updates to early afternoon)"
"Wall Street rallies after Fed minutes solidify Dec. rate hike bets " "U.S. stocks closed higher on Wednesday and investors appeared positively inclined toward higher rates after minutes from the Federal Reserve October meeting showed a solid core of officials rallied behind a possible December rate hike."
"Hip to be Square? Not for this IPO " "SAN FRANCISCO Square Inc priced shares at $9 for its initial public offering  about 25 percent less than it had hoped  as it struggled to win over investors skeptical about its business and valuation before trading begins on Thursday."
"UPDATE 3-Adele says no streaming for new album '25' " "LOS ANGELES  Nov 19 British singer Adele's much-anticipated album ""25"" will not be available for streaming on any digital music services  including Spotify and Apple Music  a music industry source said on Thursday."
"UPDATE 4-Square prices shares at $9 in long-awaited IPO " "SAN FRANCISCO  Nov 18 Square Inc priced shares at $9 for its initial public offering  about 25 percent less than it had hoped  as it struggled to win over investors skeptical about its business and valuation before trading begins on Thursday."
"Apple's verdict survives latest challenge by Samsung " "A U.S. appeals court on Thursday again rejected Samsung Electronics' call to review a $548 million judgment for Apple Inc. in the companies' seemingly never-ending and hard-fought war over the technology and design of smart phones and tablets."
"Apple wins patent trial against Pendrell subsidiary " "MARSHALL  Texas A U.S. jury on Friday found Apple Inc  did not infringe five antipiracy patents owned by a Pendrell Corp  subsidiary at trial in a Texas federal court."
"Apple wins patent trial against Pendrell subsidiary " "MARSHALL  Texas A U.S. jury on Friday found Apple Inc did not infringe five antipiracy patents owned by a Pendrell Corp subsidiary at trial in a Texas federal court."
"Apple wins patent trial against Pendrell subsidiary " "MARSHALL  Texas  Nov 20 A U.S. jury on Friday found Apple Inc did not infringe five patents owned by a Pendrell Corp subsidiary at trial in a Texas federal court."
"Google aims for China launch of Google Play app store next year: sources " "BEIJING/HONG KONG Google  part of Alphabet Inc   aims to launch the China version of its Google Play smartphone app store next year  according to people familiar with the matter  its first major foray in the market since ending localized product support in 2010."
"Laurene Powell Jobs backs Amplify education company bought from News Corp " "Nov 20 Laurene Powell Jobs  widow of Apple Inc  co-founder Steve Jobs  is the lead investor who funded the buyout of News Corp's money losing digital education business Amplify earlier this year."
"UPDATE 1-Apple wins patent trial against Pendrell subsidiary " "MARSHALL  Texas  Nov 20 A U.S. jury on Friday found Apple Inc did not infringe five antipiracy patents owned by a Pendrell Corp subsidiary at trial in a Texas federal court."
"UPDATE 2-Google aims for China launch of Google Play app store next year-sources " "BEIJING/HONG KONG  Nov 20 Google  part of Alphabet Inc  aims to launch the China version of its Google Play smartphone app store next year  according to people familiar with the matter  its first major foray in the market since ending localised product support in 2010."
"Rothschild  Petrie Partners form energy restructuring partnership " "NEW YORK  Nov 23 Oil and gas investment bank Petrie Partners and financial advisory firm Rothschild have joined forces to win business in the wave of corporate debt restructurings rippling across the energy sector  Petrie co-founder Andrew Rapp told Reuters."
"Apple plans to launch Apple Pay in China by February: WSJ " "Apple Inc  plans to launch its mobile payment system Apple Pay in China by early February  the Wall Street Journal reported."
"Apple plans to launch Apple Pay in China by February - WSJ " "Nov 24 Apple Inc plans to launch its mobile payment system Apple Pay in China by early February  the Wall Street Journal reported."
"Taiwan stocks fall; Apple suppliers down " "TAIPEI  Nov 24 Taiwan stocks fell along with other regional markets on Tuesday  weighed by declines in suppliers to Apple Inc such as Largan Precision ."
"UPDATE 1-Microsemi to buy PMC-Sierra in $2.5 bln deal as Skyworks bows out " "Nov 24 Chipmaker Microsemi Corp said on Tuesday it would buy rival PMC-Sierra Inc in a $2.5 billion deal  a day after Skyworks Solutions Inc walked away from a bidding war."
"UPDATE 2-Apple plans to launch Apple Pay in China by February - WSJ " "Nov 24 Apple Inc plans to launch its mobile payment system Apple Pay in China by early February  the Wall Street Journal reported."
"WARF seeks to multiply $234 patent infringement win against Apple " "The University of Wisconsin-Madison's patent licensing arm on Monday made another bid to triple its $234 million award against Apple for patent infringement  while Apple asked the judge to set aside the verdict entirely."
"Japanese firm TDK's CEO hints at more orders from Apple next year " "TOKYO  Dec 2 TDK Corp's chief executive said on Wednesday the Japanese parts maker is expecting to win more orders next year from its major North American customer  understood to refer to Apple Inc  as new iPhones are set to carry improved features."
"UPDATE 1-Japanese firm TDK's CEO hints at more orders from Apple next year " "* In talks with 40 automakers  parts suppliers over sensors   (Adds more comments from CEO)"
"Samsung to finally pay Apple $548 million in patent dispute " "NEW YORK Samsung fought until the bitter end to avoid paying Apple  but the company now says it will finally hand over the more than $548 million it owes for infringing the patents and designs of its biggest smartphone rival."
"Samsung to finally pay Apple $548 mln in patent dispute " "NEW YORK  Dec 4 Samsung fought until the bitter end to avoid paying Apple  but the company now says it will finally hand over the more than $548 million it owes for infringing the patents and designs of its biggest smartphone rival."
"Samsung to finally pay Apple $548 mln in patent dispute " "Samsung fought until the bitter end to avoid paying Apple  but the company now says it will finally hand over the more than $548 million it owes for infringing the patents and designs of its biggest smartphone rival."
"Apple releases first Arabic version of Siri " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc on Tuesday released a version of its virtual personal assistant Siri for Arabic speakers in the United Arab Emirates and Saudi Arabia  potentially making its iPhones more attractive in a largely affluent market of more than 30 million people."
"Apple releases first Arabic version of Siri " "SAN FRANCISCO  Dec 8 Apple Inc on Tuesday released a version of its virtual personal assistant Siri for Arabic speakers in the United Arab Emirates and Saudi Arabia  potentially making its iPhones more attractive in a largely affluent market of more than 30 million people."
"Majority of Apple Watch owners plan to give it as a gift: poll " "SAN FRANCISCO As Apple Watch enters the critical holiday shopping season  it looks likely to get a sales boost from happy customers  almost two-thirds of whom are planning to give one as a gift  a Reuters/Ipsos poll showed on Tuesday."
"UPDATE 1-Majority of Apple Watch owners plan to give it as a gift " "SAN FRANCISCO  Dec 8 As Apple Watch enters the critical holiday shopping season  it looks likely to get a sales boost from happy customers  almost two-thirds of whom are planning to give one as a gift  a Reuters/Ipsos poll showed on Tuesday."
"Apple suspends effort to develop online TV service: Bloomberg " "Apple Inc has suspended plans to offer a live Internet-based television service and is instead focusing on being a platform for media companies to sell directly to customers through its App Store  Bloomberg reported on Tuesday."
"In Australia  banks disrupt Apple with mobile payments power " "SYDNEY Apple Inc is struggling to persuade Australia's big banks to sign up for its Apple Pay mobile payment system  people familiar with the matter say  as the technology giant works from an unfamiliar negotiating position: weakness  not strength."
"In Australia  banks disrupt Apple with mobile payments power " "SYDNEY  Dec 10 Apple Inc is struggling to persuade Australia's big banks to sign up for its Apple Pay mobile payment system  people familiar with the matter say  as the technology giant works from an unfamiliar negotiating position: weakness  not strength."
"AMS says surprised by report of problems with Apple supply contracts " "ZURICH  Dec 10 Swiss-listed Austrian technology group AMS said it was surprised by a newspaper report that it had run into problems with key contracts to supply Apple   which knocked its shares down by a fifth on Thursday."
"BRIEF-AMS lost important contracts from Apple - Finanz und Wirtschaft reports " "* Has lost important contracts from Apple - Finanz und Wirtschaft reports   Further company coverage:"
"Wal-Mart enters mobile payment with launch of Walmart Pay " "Dec 10 Wal-Mart Stores Inc said it would launch 'Walmart Pay ' to become the first U.S. retailer to offer its own payment feature to expand consumer payment options and increase the speed of checkouts."
"Swiss stocks - Factors to watch on Dec 11 " "ZURICH  Dec 11 The following are some of the main factors expected to affect Swiss stocks on Friday:"
"Apple Music wins exclusive video deal with Taylor Swift " "NEW YORK Apple Inc won a deal with pop star Taylor Swift to exclusively release a concert video of her recent world tour through its music streaming service  Apple Music  the company and singer said on Sunday. | Video "
"Samsung appeals Apple patent 'windfall' ruling to U.S. Supreme Court " "NEW YORK  Dec 14 Samsung took to the U.S. Supreme Court on Monday in a last-ditch effort to pare back the more than $548 million in damages it must pay Apple for infringing the patents and designs of the iPhone."
"Samsung appeals Apple patent 'windfall' ruling to U.S. Supreme Court " "NEW YORK Samsung took to the U.S. Supreme Court on Monday in a last-ditch effort to pare back the more than $548 million in damages it must pay Apple for infringing the patents and designs of the iPhone."
"UPDATE 1-Samsung appeals Apple patent 'windfall' ruling to U.S. Supreme Court " "NEW YORK  Dec 14 Samsung took to the U.S. Supreme Court on Monday in a last-ditch effort to pare back the more than $548 million in damages it must pay Apple for infringing the patents and designs of the iPhone."
"UPDATE 2-Apple Music wins exclusive video deal with Taylor Swift " "NEW YORK  Dec 13 Apple Inc won a deal with pop star Taylor Swift to exclusively release a concert video of her recent world tour through its music streaming service  Apple Music  the company and singer said on Sunday."
"Imagination Tech warns on profit as smartphone market softens " "LONDON Imagination Tech  the British company whose graphics power Apple's iPhone  warned on profit on Tuesday  saying red-hot demand for smartphones had cooled."
"Nikkei slips before Fed rate call; Apple suppliers hit by iPhone sales forecast " "* Apple suppliers slip on Morgan Stanley iPhone sales outlook"
"Samsung appeals Apple patent 'windfall' ruling to U.S. Supreme Court " "NEW YORK Samsung took to the U.S. Supreme Court on Monday in a last-ditch effort to pare back the more than $548 million in damages it must pay Apple for infringing the patents and designs of the iPhone."
"Samsung appeals Apple patent 'windfall' ruling to U.S. Supreme Court " "NEW YORK Samsung took to the U.S. Supreme Court on Monday in a last-ditch effort to pare back the more than $548 million in damages it must pay Apple for infringing the patents and designs of the iPhone."
"Westpac  ANZ among major Aussie companies to accept Android Pay in 2016 " "SYDNEY  Dec 16 Major Australian financial institutions including Westpac Banking Corp  ANZ Banking Group and Macquarie will accept contactless payments via Android smart phones when Google  rolls out the service in 2016."
"Appeals court maintains Apple injunction order against Samsung " "A U.S. appeals court on Wednesday denied Samsung's request to reconsider its September decision greenlighting an injunction against the South Korean company in a patent dispute with Apple."
"Apple's stock dips as concerns mount about iPhone shipments " "SAN FRANCISCO Shares of Apple  dipped on Wednesday on growing expectations that the consumer technology company may sell fewer iPhones next year than previously thought."
"Australia banks agree Android Pay deal  Apple Pay still frozen out " "SYDNEY Big Australian banks have agreed to accept payments made on mobile devices using Google Inc's  Android Pay  leaving Apple Inc's  rival Apple Pay system out in the cold as the tech giant struggles to coax lenders to accept its terms."
"UPDATE 1-Australia banks agree Android Pay deal  Apple Pay still frozen out " "* Apple  banks fail to agree so far on fees - sources   (Recasts  adds analysts' comment)"
"Apple appoints Jeff Williams COO " "Dec 17 Apple Inc said it appointed Jeff Williams chief operating officer and Johny Srouji senior vice president for hardware technologies."
"Apple names Jeff Williams COO  a job once held by Tim Cook " "SAN FRANCISCO/BENGALURU Apple Inc promoted longtime executive Jeff Williams to the role of chief operating officer  reinstating the title previously held by Chief Executive Tim Cook  as part of a series of changes to the company's leadership team."
"Apple supplier's light forecast exacerbates iPhone jitters " "SAN FRANCISCO Concerns are deepening on Wall Street about potential weakness in iPhone shipments following a light revenue forecast from one of Apple's suppliers."
"Australian tax office names names in multinational avoidance row " "SYDNEY Australian tax authorities on Thursday took the unprecedented step of publishing the records of hundreds of companies  including Google Inc  and Apple Inc   which show they paid little or no tax on their in-country earnings."
"UPDATE 3-Apple names Jeff Williams COO  a job once held by Tim Cook " "SAN FRANCISCO/BENGALURU  Dec 17 Apple Inc  promoted longtime executive Jeff Williams to the role of chief operating officer  reinstating the title previously held by Chief Executive Tim Cook  as part of a series of changes to the company's leadership team."
"UPDATE 3-Australian tax office names names in multinational avoidance row " "SYDNEY  Dec 17 Australian tax authorities on Thursday took the unprecedented step of publishing the records of hundreds of companies  including Google Inc and Apple Inc  which show they paid little or no tax on their in-country earnings."
"Apple hit with proposed class suit over iPhone data usage " "A proposed class action filed against Apple Inc in federal court in California claims that a defect in certain iPhone models caused them to eat up excessive amounts of cellular data  leading to massive bills for users."
"Apple partners with UnionPay to launch payment service in China " "Dec 17 Apple Inc said on Thursday it had partnered with China UnionPay to launch payment service Apple Pay in China for China UnionPay cardholders by early 2016."
"Apple to launch Apple Pay in China  take on Alibaba  Tencent " "SHANGHAI Apple Inc said it will launch its payment service in China as soon as 2016  pitting it against entrenched Chinese rivals Alibaba Group Holding and Tencent Holdings."
"Tim Cook calls notion of Apple avoiding U.S. taxes 'political crap' " "SAN FRANCISCO/BENGALURU Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook dismissed as ""total political crap"" the notion that the tech giant was avoiding taxes."
"UPDATE 2-Apple to launch Apple Pay in China  take on Alibaba  Tencent " "* China online payments soar on high smartphone use   (Adds analyst comment)"
"UPDATE 2-Tim Cook calls notion of Apple avoiding US taxes 'political crap' " "SAN FRANCISCO/BENGALURU  Dec 18 Apple Inc  Chief Executive Tim Cook dismissed as ""total political crap"" the notion that the tech giant was avoiding taxes."
"BRIEF-Ericsson and Apple sign global patent license agreement  settle litigation " "* Ericsson : Ericsson and Apple sign global patent license agreement  settle litigation"
"Ericsson and Apple sign patent deal  settle litigation " "STOCKHOLM Swedish mobile telecom gear maker Ericsson announced it had signed a patent licence deal with Apple Inc  ending a year-long dispute and sending its shares up 7 percent on Monday."
"Ericsson and Apple sign patent license agreement  settle litigation " "STOCKHOLM  Dec 21 Swedish telecom equipment maker Ericsson on Monday said it has signed a patent license agreement with Apple Inc but did not specify how much it would earn from the deal."
"Ericsson signs patent deal with Apple  shares soar " "STOCKHOLM Swedish mobile telecom gear maker Ericsson said it had signed a patent license deal with Apple Inc over technology that helps smartphones and tablets connect to mobile networks  sending its shares up much as 8 percent. | Video "
"REFILE-BUZZ-Apple's stock set for first down year since global credit crisis " "(Adds additional codes  fixes formatting) ** Shares of Apple on track for first negative year since the global credit crisis; would be only its third negative year since the dot-com bubble"
"UPDATE 2-Ericsson signs patent deal with Apple  shares soar " "* Shares rise in Nokia  which is expecting ruling in January   (Adds analysts  background  Nokia shares)"
"US STOCKS-Obamacare and Apple boost Wall Street " "* Indexes up: Dow 0.42 pct  S&P 0.51 pct  Nasdaq 0.69 pct   (Updates to afternoon)"
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall St ends higher; Apple  Microsoft boost " "NEW YORK  Dec 21 U.S. stocks ended stronger on Monday  helped by a bounce in Apple and Microsoft as well as a rally in hospital shares after more Americans signed up for subsidized health insurance."
"PRESS DIGEST- British Business - Dec 22 " "Dec 22 - The following are the top stories on the business pages of British newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy."
"Apple allows long-term shareholders to nominate board members " "Apple Inc on Tuesday became the latest U.S. company to amend its bylaws to allow long-term shareholders to nominate members to its board."
"Apple allows long-term shareholders to nominate board members " "Dec 23 Apple Inc on Tuesday became the latest U.S. company to amend its bylaws to allow long-term shareholders to nominate members to its board."
"Apple allows long-term shareholders to nominate board members " "Dec 23 Apple Inc on Tuesday became the latest U.S. company to amend its bylaws to allow long-term shareholders to nominate members to its board."
"RPT-New boss in dash for simplicity at bloated Rolls-Royce " "FILTON  England  Dec 22 Twelve months and 80 signatures: that is what it recently took Rolls-Royce to approve a small change requested by a supplier  symptomatic of a business that had become as complex as the engines it makes to power the world's biggest jets."
"Apple asks court to make Samsung pay $180 million more in patent dispute " "NEW YORK Just over a week after Samsung paid Apple more than $548 million for infringing the patents and designs of the iPhone  Apple has asked a U.S. court to force its biggest smartphone rival to cough up even more."
"Apple asks court to make Samsung pay $180 mln more in patent dispute " "NEW YORK  Dec 24 Just over a week after Samsung paid Apple more than $548 million for infringing the patents and designs of the iPhone  Apple has asked a U.S. court to force its biggest smartphone rival to cough up even more."
"Apple asks court to make Samsung pay $180 mln more in patent dispute " "NEW YORK Just over a week after Samsung paid Apple more than $548 million for infringing the patents and designs of the iPhone  Apple has asked a U.S. court to force its biggest smartphone rival to cough up even more."
"Apple asks court to make Samsung pay $180 million more in patent dispute " "NEW YORK Just over a week after Samsung paid Apple more than $548 million for infringing the patents and designs of the iPhone  Apple has asked a U.S. court to force its biggest smartphone rival to cough up even more."
"Samsung Pay plans to enable U.S. online shopping in 2016 " "CHICAGO Samsung Electronics Co plans to expand its fledgling mobile payment service in the United States next year  allowing users to shop online and with more smartphones that support the electronic wallet."
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Oil  Apple pull Wall St lower " "NEW YORK  Dec 28 Wall Street fell on Monday  hurt by a steep drop in oil prices as well as a dip in Apple shares  pushing the S&P 500 back into negative territory for 2015."
"Apple to pay Italy 318 million euros  sign tax deal - source " "MILAN Apple Inc will pay Italy's tax office 318 million euros ($348 million) to settle a dispute over allegations it failed to pay taxes for six years  a source with direct knowledge of the matter said on Wednesday."
"Apple to pay Italy 318 mln euros  sign tax deal " "MILAN  Dec 30 U.S. tech giant Apple will pay the Italian tax office 318 million euros ($348 million) to settle a dispute and sign an accord early next year on how to manage its tax liabilities from 2015 onwards  a source close to the matter said on Wednesday."
"Apple to pay Italy 318 mln euros  sign tax deal - source " "Apple Inc will pay Italy's tax office 318 million euros ($348 million) to settle a dispute over allegations it failed to pay taxes for six years  a source with direct knowledge of the matter said on Wednesday."
"Italy tax office reaches deal with Apple " "MILAN Italy's tax office said on Wednesday it had reached a deal with U.S. tech giant Apple in a dispute over taxes but declined to comment on details of the settlement."
"UPDATE 3-Apple to pay Italy 318 mln euros  sign tax deal - source " "* Apple facing tax scrutiny in several countries   (Adds previous comment from Apple on taxes; recasts first paragraph)"
"US STOCKS-Apple drags Wall St lower as S&P 500 clings to gain for 2015 " "* Pep Boys down; Bridgestone pulls out and Icahn agrees to buy"
"US STOCKS-Retreating crude  Apple drag Wall St lower " "* Indexes down: Dow 0.29 pct  S&P 0.35 pct  Nasdaq 0.37 pct   (Updates to early afternoon)"
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall St drops on oil and Apple weakness " "NEW YORK  Dec 30 Wall Street dropped on Wednesday as Brent crude slid towards 11-year lows and Apple weighed on the S&P 500 index  which clung to a meager gain for 2015."
"US STOCKS-Wall St lower as Brent retreats  Apple drags " "* Indexes down: Dow 0.18 pct  S&P 0.25 pct  Nasdaq 0.32 pct   (Adds details  updates prices)"
"Apple shares to close year with worst performance since 2008 " "NEW YORK  Dec 31 Shares of Apple Inc  the largest U.S. company by market value  are set to finish the year in the red on notable weakness for a stock that had largely been impervious to pain for several years."
"Apple to pay Italy 318 million euros  sign tax deal: source " "Apple Inc will pay Italy's tax office 318 million euros ($348 million) to settle a dispute over allegations it failed to pay taxes for six years  a source with direct knowledge of the matter said on Wednesday."
"Apple shares off but weather U.S. market selloff " "SAN FRANCISCO Shares of Apple Inc  fell to their lowest since August on Monday following recent worries about potentially soft iPhone sales but fared better than a 2 percent drop in major indexes."
"Ford  Toyota ally to counter Silicon Valley in dashboard war " "LAS VEGAS  Jan 3 Toyota Motor Corp and Ford Motor Co said on Monday they will adopt the same software to link smartphone apps to vehicle dashboard screens and invited other automakers to join them to counter Apple Inc  and Google's push to control cars of the future."
"Ford  Toyota ally to counter Silicon Valley in dashboard war " "LAS VEGAS Toyota Motor Corp and Ford Motor Co said on Monday they will adopt the same software to link smartphone apps to vehicle dashboard screens and invited other automakers to join them to counter Apple Inc and Google's push to control cars of the future."
"Apple expected to cut iPhone 6S  6S Plus production: Nikkei " "Apple Inc is expected to cut production of its latest iPhone models by about 30 percent in the January-March quarter  the Nikkei reported."
"Apple expected to cut iPhone 6S  6S Plus production - Nikkei " "Jan 6 Apple Inc is expected to cut production of its latest iPhone models by about 30 percent in the January-March quarter  compared with its original plans  the Nikkei reported."
"Ireland says EU tax decision on Apple likely after elections " "DUBLIN Ireland does not expect European Union regulators to issue a decision on the country's tax deal with Apple until after upcoming parliamentary elections  finance minister Michael Noonan said on Tuesday."
"Samsung urges U.S. court to overturn $120 million patent verdict for Apple " "WASHINGTON Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  urged a U.S. appeals court on Tuesday to find that a jury in 2014 should not have made the South Korean company pay nearly $120 million to Apple Inc for infringing three patents."
"Samsung urges U.S. court to overturn $120 mln patent verdict for Apple " "WASHINGTON  Jan 5 Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  urged a U.S. appeals court on Tuesday to find that a jury in 2014 should not have made the South Korean company pay nearly $120 million to Apple Inc for infringing three patents."
"Samsung urges U.S. court to overturn $120 mln patent verdict for Apple " "WASHINGTON Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  urged a U.S. appeals court on Tuesday to find that a jury in 2014 should not have made the South Korean company pay nearly $120 million to Apple Inc for infringing three patents."
"UPDATE 1-Ford will expand self-driving test car fleet to 30 " "LAS VEGAS  Jan 5 Ford Motor Co said Tuesday it plans to triple to 30 the size of its fleet of self-driving test cars as part of an effort to accelerate autonomous vehicle development."
"UPDATE 2-Apple expected to cut iPhone 6S  6S Plus production - Nikkei " "Jan 5 Apple Inc is expected to cut production of its latest iPhone models by about 30 percent in the January-March quarter  the Nikkei reported."
"US STOCKS-Wall St stabilizes after weak start to year " "* Dow down 0.15 pct  S&P up 0.28 pct  Nasdaq down 0.26 pct   (Updates to late afternoon  changes byline)"
"Apple reports over $1.1 billion in App Store sales in holiday season " "Apple Inc said customers spent over $1.1 billion on apps and in-app purchases in the two weeks ending Jan. 3  setting a record for holiday season sales."
"Apple reports over $1.1 bln in App Store sales in holiday season " "Jan 6 Apple Inc said customers spent over $1.1 billion on apps and in-app purchases in the two weeks ending Jan. 3  setting a record for holiday season sales."
"Apple shares drop below $100 for first time since August " "Apple Inc  shares dropped below $100 for the first time in nearly five months on Wednesday following reports of slowing shipments of the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus."
"CORRECTED-Apple shares drop below $100 for first time since August " "Jan 6 Apple Inc shares on Wednesday dropped below $100 for the first time in nearly five months following reports of slowing shipments of its iPhone 6S and 6S Plus."
"Streaming music in U.S. up 93 pct in 2015; Adele tops album sales " "LOS ANGELES  Jan 6 U.S. music consumers almost doubled their use of streaming services in 2015  with Apple Inc's new Apple music platform helping boost volume a record 93 percent  Nielsen Music said on Wednesday."
"Streaming music in U.S. up 93 percent in 2015; Adele tops album sales " "LOS ANGELES U.S. music consumers almost doubled their use of streaming services in 2015  with Apple Inc's new Apple music platform helping boost volume a record 93 percent  Nielsen Music said on Wednesday."
"Top Apple supplier plans rare holiday as output fears rattle investors " "TAIPEI Foxconn  which assembles most of Apple Inc's  latest iPhones  will cut working hours over the week-long Lunar New Year holiday  a person familiar with the matter said  in a rare move that analysts interpreted as a sign of softening demand. | Video "
"Top Apple supplier plans rare holiday as output fears rattle investors " "TAIPEI Foxconn  which assembles most of Apple Inc's latest iPhones  will cut working hours over the week-long Lunar New Year holiday  a person familiar with the matter said  in a rare move that analysts interpreted as a sign of softening demand. | Video "
"UPDATE 2-Apple shares drop below $100 for first time since August " "Jan 6 Apple Inc shares dropped below $100 for the first time in nearly five months on Wednesday following reports of slowing shipments of the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus."
"UPDATE 7-Top Apple supplier plans rare holiday as output fears rattle investors " "* Reports add to increasing concern over iPhone slowdown   (Adds details on holiday season App Store sales)"
"Apple buys artificial intelligence startup Emotient: WSJ " "Apple Inc bought Emotient Inc  an artificial intelligence startup that reads people's emotions by analyzing facial expressions  the Wall Street Journal reported."
"Apple buys artificial intelligence startup Emotient- WSJ " "Jan 7 Apple Inc bought Emotient Inc  an artificial intelligence startup that reads people's emotions by analyzing facial expressions  the Wall Street Journal reported."
"Apple suppliers cut revenue estimates amid iPhone shipment fears " "Apple Inc  suppliers Cirrus Logic Inc  and Qorvo Inc  on Thursday added to growing worries about slowing shipments of iPhone 6S and 6S Plus by cutting their revenue estimates for the third quarter."
"CORRECTED-Apple suppliers Cirrus Logic  Qorvo estimate revenue below Street " "Jan 7 Apple Inc suppliers Cirrus Logic Inc and Qorvo Inc estimated third-quarter revenue below analysts' expectations  exacerbating fears about softening iPhone demand."
"Taiwan stocks fall sharply following rout in Chinese shares  yuan " "TAIPEI  Jan 7 Taiwan stocks fell sharply on Thursday extending early losses after Chinese shares fell sharply triggering a trading halt on the key mainland bourse and as the Chinese central bank set a sharply weaker daily guidance rate for the yuan."
"UPDATE 1-Apple suppliers cut revenue estimates amid iPhone shipment fears " "Jan 7 Apple Inc suppliers Cirrus Logic Inc and Qorvo Inc on Thursday added to growing worries about slowing shipments of iPhone 6S and 6S Plus by cutting their revenue estimates for the third quarter."
"Apple invalidates Wi-Lan wireless patent at U.S. appeals court " "After losing a patent infringement case against Apple Inc in a lower U.S. court  Canadian wireless technology company Wi-Lan  Inc has come away on appeal with an invalid patent."
"Major Apple supplier Hon Hai of Taiwan posts 20 pct slump in Dec sales " "TAIPEI  Jan 8 Taiwan's Hon Hai Precision Industry Co  which assembles the bulk of Apple Inc's  latest smartphones  saw its December revenues slump by a fifth and full-year sales miss expectations on Friday."
"Samsung Elec fourth quarter guidance underscores tech sector headwinds " "SEOUL Tech giant Samsung Electronics Co Ltd said on Friday its fourth-quarter operating profit likely rose 15 percent from a year earlier  missing expectations and fuelling concerns the tech industry may be in for a tough year of slack gadget sales."
"Taiwan stocks slip on continued China worries; ahead of data  sales " "TAIPEI  Jan 8 Taiwan stocks were slightly down on Friday and any gains will likely be limited going into the weekend and ahead of key data and company sales figures due out after the market closes."
"UPDATE 2-Samsung Elec Q4 guidance underscores tech sector headwinds " "* Some analysts downgraded forecasts on weak components demand"
"US STOCKS-Futures bounce back ahead of jobs report " "Jan 8 U.S. stock index futures were higher on Friday as Chinese stocks recovered  oil prices clawed back after touching 12-year lows and the yuan was firmer  ahead of the monthly U.S. jobs report."
"US STOCKS-Wall Street wobbles as oil prices fluctuate " "* Oil prices dip below $33/barrel before clawing back some ground"
"US STOCKS-Wall St set to open higher after robust jobs report " "* Futures up: Dow 189 pts  S&P 24 pts  Nasdaq 59 pts   (Adds details  comment  updates prices)"
"Apple  Samsung supplier Biel Crystal plans $2 billion HK IPO in 2016: IFR " "HONG KONG Biel Crystal Manufactory  which supplies the cover glass for Apple Inc  Samsung Electronics Co Ltd and other mobile phone makers  plans an initial public offering worth about $2 billion in Hong Kong  IFR reported on Monday  citing people close to the plans."
"US STOCKS-Wall St edges up  rebounding from worst-ever start to a year " "* Indexes up: Dow 0.44 pct  S&P 0.45 pct  Nasdaq 0.49 pct   (Updates to open)"
"Nikkei tumbles 2.7 pct  gives up previous day's gains on oil  growth worries " "TOKYO  Jan 14 Japanese stocks fell on Thursday  giving up most of the previous day's gains as weak oil prices fanned fears about a slowdown in the global economy."
"China's Xiaomi misses 2015 handset shipment target as competition bites " "BEIJING/HONG KONG  Jan 15 Smartphone maker Xiaomi Inc said on Friday it had shipped more than 70 million handsets in 2015  undershooting its own target and casting doubts about the growth prospects of China's most valuable tech startup in a cut-throat market."
"China's Xiaomi misses 2015 handset shipment target as competition bites " "BEIJING/HONG KONG Smartphone maker Xiaomi Inc [XTC.UL] said on Friday it had shipped more than 70 million handsets in 2015  undershooting its own target and casting doubts about the growth prospects of China's most valuable tech startup in a cut-throat market."
"Growth funds dumping Apple stock as iPhone sales seen sagging; value-managers moving in " "NEW YORK Major U.S. growth mutual funds have been among the largest sellers of Apple Inc  shares over the past six months  fueling speculation that the company’s days of supercharged growth have come to an end."
"Apple to start charging for iTunes Radio " "Apple Inc said it will soon start charging for iTunes Radio  its music-streaming service that competes with Pandora Media Inc."
"Apple to start charging for iTunes Radio " "Jan 15 Apple Inc said it will soon start charging for iTunes Radio  its music-streaming service that competes with Pandora Media Inc."
"Apple makes progress on gender  racial diversity " "Apple Inc has made progress on boosting gender and racial diversity in its U.S. workforce  a regulatory document filed by the iPhone maker showed."
"Apple makes progress on gender  racial diversity " "Jan 19 Apple Inc has made progress on boosting gender and racial diversity in its U.S. workforce  a regulatory document filed by the iPhone maker showed."
"Apple seeks nod to open India stores amid concerns of slowing sales growth " "MUMBAI Apple Inc has applied to set up its own stores in India  one of the world's fastest growing smartphone markets  as the iPhone-maker looks to tap new opportunities amid worries of slowing growth in its main markets."
"Apple seeks nod to open India stores amid concerns of slowing sales growth " "MUMBAI Apple Inc has applied to set up its own stores in India  one of the world's fastest growing smartphone markets  as the iPhone-maker looks to tap new opportunities amid worries of slowing growth in its main markets."
"REFILE-Apple seeks India govt approval to set up retail stores " "MUMBAI  Jan 20 Apple Inc has filed an application with the Indian government to set up its retail outlets in one of the fastest-growing smartphone markets  a spokesman for the Cupertino-based company said on Wednesday."
"UPDATE 1-Apple seeks nod to open India stores amid concerns of slowing sales growth " "* Files application with trade ministry department for stores"
"Court filing offers rare peek at finances of Android " "By Lehar Maan and Dan Levine Google Inc paid Apple Inc $1 billion in 2014 to keep its search bar on the iPhone  Bloomberg reported  citing a transcript of court proceedings related to a copyright lawsuit filed by Oracle Corp against the search giant."
"Court filing offers rare peek at finances of Android " "Google Inc  paid Apple Inc  $1 billion in 2014 to keep its search bar on the iPhone  Bloomberg reported  citing a transcript of court proceedings related to a copyright lawsuit filed by Oracle Corp  against the search giant. | Video "
"Fewer orders at Apple suppliers could signal first iPhone sales decline " "TAIPEI Some of Apple Inc's main Asian suppliers expect revenues and orders to drop this quarter  indicating iPhone sales are almost certain to post their first annual decline since the flagship product was launched almost a decade ago. | Video "
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks  oil rally; cold snap supports energy demand " "* Dollar firms vs yen and euro   (Updates with U.S. market closing prices)"
"Google paid Apple $1 bln in '14 to keep search bar on iPhone-Bbg " "Jan 22 Google Inc paid Apple Inc $1 billion in 2014 to keep its search bar on the iPhone  Bloomberg reported  citing a transcript of court proceedings related to a copyright lawsuit filed by Oracle Corp against the search giant."
"REUTERS AMERICA NEWS PLAN FOR FRIDAY JAN 22 " "To find stories  search by Slug or Headline Keyword in your CMS or Advanced Search in Media Express."
"UPDATE 2-Court filing offers rare peek at finances of Android " "Jan 22 Google Inc paid Apple Inc  $1 billion in 2014 to keep its search bar on the iPhone  Bloomberg reported  citing a transcript of court proceedings related to a copyright lawsuit filed by Oracle Corp  against the search giant."
"US STOCKS-Wall St rally stamps exclamation point on volatile week " "* Indexes end up: Dow 1.33 pct  S&P 2.03 pct  Nasdaq 2.66 pct   (Updates to close)"
"US STOCKS-Wall Street surges in end to volatile week " "* Indexes up: Dow 1.09 pct  S&P 1.75 pct  Nasdaq 2.26 pct   (Updates to afternoon)"
"Apple's Zadesky  head of electric car project  to leave company: WSJ " "Apple Inc's  Steve Zadesky  who has been overseeing the company's electric car project for the last two years  has said he is leaving the company  the Wall Street Journal reported on Friday  citing people familiar with the matter."
"Apple's Zadesky  head of electric car project  to leave company -WSJ " "Jan 22 Apple Inc's Steve Zadesky  who has been overseeing the company's electric car project for the last two years  has said he is leaving the company  the Wall Street Journal reported on Friday  citing people familiar with the matter."
"RPT-Fewer orders at Apple suppliers could signal first iPhone sales decline " "* March quarter iPhone sales almost certain to show first annual drop-analysts"
"Taiwan stocks rise; Largan  TSMC up after Apple gains " "TAIPEI  Jan 25 Taiwan stocks rose on Monday  paced by gains in Apple Inc's suppliers following the U.S. company's shares surged 5 percent on Wall Street on Friday."
"Apple iPhone sales weaker than expected " "Apple Inc  sold fewer iPhones than expected in the latest quarter  seeing its slowest ever-growth in shipments  as the company began to feel the effects of economic softness in the critical Chinese market."
"Apple options busy as traders pick sides ahead of results " "NEW YORK Activity in Apple Inc  options were busy on Tuesday ahead of the iPhone maker's quarterly results  split between investors expecting the stock to recoup recent losses and those looking for protection against a further drop."
"Apple plans to offer subscription content through News app " "Apple Inc is working to make subscription content available through its News app  giving publishers with paywalls a new way to control who sees their articles  two sources familiar with the matter said."
"Apple plans to offer subscription content through News app " "Jan 26 Apple Inc is working to make subscription content available through its News app  giving publishers with paywalls a new way to control who sees their articles  two sources familiar with the matter said."
"Apple sells fewer iPhones than expected in latest quarter " "SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 26 Apple Inc  reported lower-than-expected iPhone sales in the latest quarter  its slowest-ever growth in shipments  as the company began to feel the effects of economic softness in the critical Chinese market."
"Apple set for slowest ever iPhone sales growth " "Apple Inc  is expected to report a 1.3 percent increase in iPhone sales in the holiday quarter  its slowest ever and a far cry from the double-digit growth investors have come to expect."
"BRIEF-Apple reports Q1 earnings per share of $3.28 " "* Q1 earnings per share $3.28; Q1 revenue $75.87 billion versus $74.6 billion last year; Q1 non-GAAP constant currency revenue $80.8 billion  up 8 percent"
"China's fickle fake stores cool on Apple: for now " "At 22  Cheung is already a veteran of China's imitation game. A month ago  she was peddling the latest iPhones and accessories in one of several copycat Apple Inc stores along a street of gadget outlets in the southern city of Shenzhen."
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks  oil jump on hopes of crude output cut " "* Hopes of dovish U.S. Fed lend some support   (Updates market action  adds quote)"
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks  oil rally on hopes of crude output cut " "* Wall Street shares rebound  Apple stock slips before results"
"Apple sees first sales dip in more than a decade as super-growth era falters " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc  forecast its first revenue drop in 13 years and reported the slowest-ever increase in iPhone shipments as the critical Chinese market showed signs of weakening  suggesting the technology company's period of exponential growth may be ending. | Video "
"Apple shares fall most in two years in wake of earnings report " "Apple Inc shares fell more than 6.5 percent on Wednesday  the biggest percentage drop in two years  after the company reported its slowest-ever rise in iPhone shipments and forecast that quarterly sales for the current period would post the first drop in 13 years."
"Apple shares fall most in two years in wake of earnings report " "Apple Inc  shares fell more than 6.5 percent on Wednesday  the biggest percentage drop in two years  after the company reported its slowest-ever rise in iPhone shipments and forecast that quarterly sales for the current period would post the first drop in 13 years."
"UPDATE 1-Apple shares seen staying muted until iPhone 7 rings in growth " "Jan 27 Apple Inc shares fell 4 percent on Wednesday after the company reported its slowest-ever rise in iPhone shipments  with an uptick likely only after the expected launch of iPhone 7 in September."
"UPDATE 3-Apple shares fall most in two years in wake of earnings report " "Jan 27 Apple Inc shares fell more than 6.5 percent on Wednesday  the biggest percentage drop in two years  after the company reported its slowest-ever rise in iPhone shipments and forecast that quarterly sales for the current period would post the first drop in 13 years."
"US STOCKS-Indexes set to fall on oil slide  Apple results " "* Futures down: Dow 66 pts  S&P 4.5 pts  Nasdaq 18.5 pts   (Adds details  comment  updates prices)"
"US STOCKS-Rebound in oil prices spurs gains in S&P 500  Dow " "* Dow up 0.21 pct  S&P up 0.42 pct  Nasdaq down 0.31 pct   (Updates to early afternoon)"
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall St opens lower as oil  Apple drag " "Jan 27 U.S. stocks opened lower on Wednesday after oil prices gave up gains and as Apple's tepid quarterly revenue forecast weighed."
"With China weakening  Apple turns to India " "SAN FRANCISCO/MUMBAI As China sales show signs of cooling  Apple Inc  is touting India's appetite for iPhones  betting that rising wages and an expanding middle class will pull consumers away from the cheap alternatives that currently dominate the market. | Video "
"With China weakening  Apple turns to India " "SAN FRANCISCO/MUMBAI As China sales show signs of cooling  Apple Inc is touting India's appetite for iPhones  betting that rising wages and an expanding middle class will pull consumers away from the cheap alternatives that currently dominate the market. | Video "
"Apple to voluntarily recall some AC wall plug adaptors " "Apple Inc said on Thursday it was voluntarily recalling AC wall plug adapters designed for use in Argentina  Australia  Brazil  Continental Europe  New Zealand and South Korea."
"Apple to voluntarily recall some AC wall plug adaptors " "Jan 28 Apple Inc said on Thursday it was voluntarily recalling AC wall plug adapters designed for use in Argentina  Australia  Brazil  Continental Europe  New Zealand and South Korea."
"Google asks court for OK to press for sanctions against Oracle " "SAN FRANCISCO Google is asking for sanctions against Oracle Corp after one of the software developer's lawyers discussed confidential details about the search giant's relationship with Apple Inc at a court hearing earlier this month."
"Google asks court for OK to press for sanctions against Oracle " "SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 27 Google is asking for sanctions against Oracle Corp after one of the software developer's lawyers discussed confidential details about the search giant's relationship with Apple Inc at a court hearing earlier this month."
"Nikkei gains in choppy trade  weak yen brightens mood after Wall St falls " "TOKYO  Jan 28 Japan's Nikkei edged up on Thursday morning in choppy trade as a weaker yen boosted export-exposed stocks like automakers  cheering investors after the market opened lower under the influence of weak Wall Street performances overnight."
"Samsung Elec warns of difficult 2016 as smartphone troubles spread " "SEOUL Tech giant Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  warned on Thursday of possible weaker earnings this year due to softer sales of gadgets such as smartphones  a trend that is also hurting rival Apple Inc  and major chipmakers."
"Taiwan stocks rise; banks  techs up " "TAIPEI  Jan 28 Taiwan stocks outpaced other regional markets to climb on Thursday  led by banking and technology shares  but the gains could be short-lived as the global economic outlook remains shaky."
"UPDATE 4-Samsung Elec warns of difficult 2016 as smartphone troubles spread " "* Says selling stake in Samsung Card for $1.3 bln   (Updates with Samsung Electronics' planned $1.3 bln sale of stake in credit card affiliate)"
"Wall Street sinks after Fed fails to impress " "Wall Street dropped sharply on Wednesday after the U.S. Federal Reserve frustrated stock investors hoping for a strong sign it might scale back future interest rate hikes because of recent financial and economic turmoil. | Video "
"Top U.S. official to meet EU antitrust team on tax " "BRUSSELS - A senior U.S. Treasury official will meet European Union antitrust officials investigating tax deals involving Apple and Amazon on Friday  the latest lobbying effort against a crackdown on U.S. firms."
"Top U.S. official to meet EU antitrust team on tax " "BRUSSELS  Jan 29 - A senior U.S. Treasury official will meet European Union antitrust officials investigating tax deals involving Apple and Amazon on Friday  the latest lobbying effort against a crackdown on U.S. firms."
"U.S. corporations to report best and worst of times " "NEW YORK Stock market investors who spent January swayed by oil prices  economic weakness in China and central bank speculation may continue to do that next week  even though it should be a dramatic one for earnings reports and economic data."
"Wall St Week Ahead-U.S. corporations to report best and worst of times " "NEW YORK  Jan 29 Stock market investors who spent January swayed by oil prices  economic weakness in China and central bank speculation may continue to do that next week  even though it should be a dramatic one for earnings reports and economic data."
"Wells Fargo  BofA look to integrate Apple Pay into ATMs: TechCrunch " "Wells Fargo & Co and Bank of America Corp are working to integrate mobile payment system Apple Pay into their ATMs  technology news website TechCrunch reported."
"Alphabet passes Apple to become most valuable traded U.S. company " "NEW YORK Alphabet Inc surpassed Apple Inc as the most valuable company in the United States in after-hours trading on Monday  knocking the iPhone maker from the top spot that it has held for the better part of four years."
"Alphabet surpasses Apple  now biggest traded US company " "Feb 1 Alphabet Inc surpassed Apple Inc  as the most valuable company in the United States in after-hours trading on Monday  knocking the iPhone maker from the top spot that it has held for the better part of four years."
"OPPO  Vivo snap at Apple's heels in China mobile market " "SINGAPORE/HONG KONG Beyond China few may have heard of OPPO or Vivo  but these local handset vendors are rising up the rankings in the world's largest smartphone market  using local marketing savvy and strong retail networks in lower-tier cities."
"OPPO  Vivo snap at Apple's heels in China mobile market " "SINGAPORE/HONG KONG  Feb 2 Beyond China few may have heard of OPPO or Vivo  but these local handset vendors are rising up the rankings in the world's largest smartphone market  using local marketing savvy and strong retail networks in lower-tier cities."
"Alphabet overtakes Apple in market value - for now " "Alphabet Inc  might win the market cap battle against Apple Inc   but will it win the war? | Video "
"Alphabet overtakes Apple in market value - for now " "Alphabet Inc  might win the market cap battle against Apple Inc   but will it win the war? | Video "
"Alphabet passes Apple to become most valuable traded U.S. company " "NEW YORK Alphabet Inc  surpassed Apple Inc  as the most valuable company in the United States in after-hours trading on Monday  knocking the iPhone maker from the top spot that it has held for the better part of four years. | Video "
"Alphabet profit sends shares up; overtakes Apple in value " "Alphabet Inc easily beat Wall Street's quarterly profit forecasts on Monday  helped by strong mobile advertising sales  sending the shares of Google's parent higher in after-hours trading to surpass Apple Inc as the most valuable U.S. company. | Video "
"Microsoft recalls 2.3 million power cords sold with Surface Pro tablets " "The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission said Microsoft Corp was recalling about 2.25 million AC power cords  less than a week after Apple Inc said it was recalling AC wall plug adapters due to a shock hazard."
"Microsoft recalls 2.3 mln power cords sold with Surface Pro tablets " "Feb 2 The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission said Microsoft Corp was recalling about 2.25 million AC power cords  less than a week after Apple Inc  said it was recalling AC wall plug adapters due to a shock hazard."
"RPT-UPDATE 4-Alphabet passes Apple to become most valuable traded US company " "NEW YORK  Feb 1 Alphabet Inc surpassed Apple Inc as the most valuable company in the United States in after-hours trading on Monday  knocking the iPhone maker from the top spot that it has held for the better part of four years."
"Apple ordered to pay $625 mln in patent dispute with VirnetX " "NEW YORK  Feb 3 Apple Inc must pay VirnetX Holding Corp more than $625 million for using the patent licensing company's Internet security technology without permission in its FaceTime and iMessage features  a federal jury in Texas said on Wednesday."
"Apple ordered to pay $625 million in patent dispute with VirnetX " "NEW YORK Apple Inc  must pay VirnetX Holding Corp  more than $625 million for using the patent licensing company's Internet security technology without permission in its FaceTime and iMessage features  a federal jury in Texas said on Wednesday."
"Apple ordered to pay $625 mln in patent dispute with VirnetX " "NEW YORK Apple Inc must pay VirnetX Holding Corp more than $625 million for using the patent licensing company's Internet security technology without permission in its FaceTime and iMessage features  a federal jury in Texas said on Wednesday."
"Apple ordered to pay $625 mln in patent dispute with VirnetX " "NEW YORK Apple Inc must pay VirnetX Holding Corp more than $625 million for using the patent licensing company's Internet security technology without permission in its FaceTime and iMessage features  a federal jury in Texas said on Wednesday."
"UPDATE 3-Apple ordered to pay $625 mln in patent dispute with VirnetX " "NEW YORK  Feb 3 Apple Inc must pay VirnetX Holding Corp more than $625 million for using the patent licensing company's Internet security technology without permission in its FaceTime and iMessage features  a federal jury in Texas said on Wednesday."
"Apple fights to limit damages after $625 mln VirnetX verdict " "Apple Inc asked a U.S. judge to declare a mistrial in its dispute with VirnetX Holding Corp on Wednesday  just hours before a federal jury ordered the iPhone maker to pay $625.6 million for infringing the patent licensor's Internet security technology."
"WRAPUP 4-Business services firms' shares bleed as LinkedIn  Tableau crash " "NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 5 Dismal sales outlooks from marquee technology names sent shares in the enterprise sector crashing on Friday as investors questioned whether information-technology managers would keep spending on their products."
"TSMC says quake impact on first-quarter shipments no more than 1 percent " "TAIPEI Apple Inc  supplier Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co Ltd (TSMC)  said silicon wafers were damaged at a plant in southern Taiwan where a quake hit early on Saturday  affecting no more than 1 percent of first-quarter shipments."
"BUZZ-Imagination Tech: CEO quits  Apple supplier warns on profit " "** Imagination Technologies  supplier of graphics technology to Apple  down c. 8 pct  biggest FTSE All Share loser & languishing near 2009 lows"
"Japan Display says will swing to January-March op loss as Apple orders sag " "TOKYO  Feb 8 Japan Display Inc on Monday said it would swing to an operating loss in January-March  as client Apple Inc books slowing sales of its iPhone and while the costs of keeping up with rivals in smartphone screen technology rise."
"UPDATE 1-Imagination Tech CEO steps down; warns of operating loss " "* Will sell Pure digital radio business  focus on core operations"
"Apple to launch new iPhone  iPad in March - 9to5mac " "Feb 12 Apple Inc is on target to introduce its next iPhone and iPad models on March 15  and aims to start selling the devices in the same week  technology blog 9to5Mac reported  citing sources."
"Google self-driving car effort expands hiring  posts manufacturing jobs " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 11 Alphabet Inc's  self-driving project is advertising dozens of jobs on its website with a special focus on manufacturing expertise."
"Apple to launch new iPhone  iPad in March: 9to5mac " "Apple Inc  is on target to introduce its next iPhone and iPad models on March 15  and aims to start selling the devices in the same week  technology blog 9to5Mac reported  citing sources."
"Apple Pay to go live in China on Feb 18 " "BEIJING Apple Inc's  Apple Pay mobile payment system will be available in China from Feb. 18 for Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Ltd (ICBC)  customers  bank representatives said in social media posts on Tuesday."
"China's ICBC says will start accepting Apple Pay on Feb 18 " "BEIJING  Feb 16 Apple Inc's Apple Pay mobile payment system will be available in China for Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Ltd  customers from Feb. 18  spokespeople for the bank said in a social media post."
"Hedge funds trimmed Apple stakes during 4th-qtr share decline " "BOSTON  Feb 16 Several large U.S. hedge funds trimmed their stakes in Apple Inc during the fourth quarter amid a decline in the value of shares of the iPhone maker."
"Icahn  Einhorn's Greenlight slash Apple stakes amid fourth-quarter share decline " "BOSTON Several big hedge fund backers of Apple Inc   including billionaire activist investor Carl Icahn and David Einhorn's Greenlight Capital  trimmed their stakes in the fourth quarter amid a decline in the value of the iPhone maker's shares."
"TREASURIES-U.S. bonds fall on stock rally  corporate supply " "* U.S. data support view of slowing economic growth   (Updates market action  adds quote)"
"UPDATE 1-Apple Pay to go live in China on Feb 18 " "* Apple Pay still seeking traction in some countries   (Adds Apple response  industry context)"
"UPDATE 1-Icahn  Einhorn's Greenlight slash Apple stakes amid Q4 share decline " "BOSTON  Feb 16 Several big hedge fund backers of Apple Inc  including billionaire activist investor Carl Icahn and David Einhorn's Greenlight Capital  trimmed their stakes in the fourth quarter amid a decline in the value of the iPhone maker's shares."
"Apple issues $1.5 billion in green bonds in first sale " "WASHINGTON Apple has issued $1.5 billion in bonds dedicated to financing clean energy projects across its global business operations  the largest green bond to be issued by a U.S. corporation  the company's head of environmental policy said Wednesday."
"Apple Pay takes on China's internet kings in mobile payments " "BEIJING  Feb 18 Apple Inc launched its mobile payment system in China on Thursday in a bid to convince the hundreds of millions of users of the country's entrenched  dominant services to switch."
"CORRECTED-Trump  Rubio chide Apple over order on shooter's phone " "WASHINGTON  Feb 17 U.S. Republican presidential candidates criticized Apple Inc on Wednesday for opposing a government request for help hacking into an iPhone belonging to one of the San Bernardino attackers  calling the issue tough but important to boosting national security."
"Factbox: What Apple and the U.S. government are fighting over " "Apple Inc  is resisting a federal court order that it help the U.S. government break into the iPhone 5c of Rizwan Farook  who along with his wife killed 14 people in a December shooting in San Bernardino  California  which the government has described as a terror attack."
"REFILE-How a N.Y. judge inspired Apple's encryption fight: Frankel " "Feb 17 Last October  prosecutors from the Justice Department asked a federal magistrate judge in Brooklyn to issue an order directing Apple to help the Drug Enforcement Administration bust security on an iPhone 5 seized from the home of Jun Feng  a suspected meth dealer."
"UPDATE 1-U.S. Republicans chide Apple over order on shooter's phone " "WASHINGTON  Feb 17 Prominent U.S. Republicans criticized Apple Inc on Wednesday for opposing a government request for help hacking into an iPhone belonging to one of the San Bernardino attackers  calling the issue tough but important to boosting national security."
"UPDATE 3-U.S. appeals court upholds Apple e-book settlement " "* Apple appealing liability finding to U.S. Supreme Court   (Updates timing of Supreme Court review of Apple appeal)"
"U.S. appeals court upholds Apple e-book settlement " "NEW YORK A federal appeals court on Wednesday upheld Apple Inc's $450 million settlement of claims that it harmed consumers by conspiring with five publishers to raise e-book prices."
"U.S. Republicans chide Apple over order on shooter's phone " "WASHINGTON Prominent U.S. Republicans criticized Apple Inc on Wednesday for opposing a government request for help hacking into an iPhone belonging to one of the San Bernardino attackers  calling the issue tough but important to boosting national security."
"Apple CEO opposes court order to help FBI unlock iPhone " "Apple Inc  Chief Executive Tim Cook said his company opposed a demand from a U.S. judge to help the FBI break into an iPhone recovered from one of the San Bernardino shooters. | Video "
"Apple Pay takes on China's internet kings in mobile payments " "BEIJING Apple Inc launched its mobile payment system in China on Thursday in a bid to convince the hundreds of millions of users of the country's entrenched  dominant services to switch. | Video "
"Republicans chide Apple over order on shooter's phone " "WASHINGTON Prominent Republicans criticized Apple Inc  on Wednesday for opposing a government request for help hacking into an iPhone belonging to one of the San Bernardino attackers  calling the issue tough but important to boosting national security. | Video "
"Apple likely to invoke free-speech rights in encryption fight " "NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc will likely seek to invoke the United States' protections of free speech as one of its key legal arguments in trying to block an order to help unlock the encrypted iPhone of one of the San Bernardino shooters  lawyers with expertise in the subject said this week."
"Apple likely to invoke free-speech rights in encryption fight " "NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc  will likely seek to invoke the United States' protections of free speech as one of its key legal arguments in trying to block an order to help unlock the encrypted iPhone of one of the San Bernardino shooters  lawyers with expertise in the subject said this week. | Video "
"Exclusive: Common mobile software could have opened San Bernardino shooter's iPhone " "Feb 19 - The legal showdown over U.S. demands that Apple Inc AAPL.O unlock an iPhone used by San Bernardino shooter Rizwan Farook might have been avoided if his employer  which owns the device  had equipped it with special mobile phone software it issues to many workers."
"Hearing scheduled in Apple encryption case for March 22: U.S. Justice Dept " "WASHINGTON A federal court hearing in California has been scheduled for March 22 in a case involving the Justice Department's request that Apple help unlock the encrypted iPhone belonging to one of the San Bernardino killers  according to Thom Mrozek  a spokesman for the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Central District of California."
"Hearing scheduled in Apple encryption case for March 22 -U.S. Justice Dept. " "WASHINGTON  Feb 19 A federal court hearing in California has been scheduled for March 22 in a case involving the Justice Department's request that Apple help unlock the encrypted iPhone belonging to one of the San Bernardino killers  according to Thom Mrozek  a spokesman for the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Central District of California."
"RPT-UPDATE 2-Apple likely to invoke free-speech rights in encryption fight " "NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 18 Apple Inc  will likely seek to invoke the United States' protections of free speech as one of its key legal arguments in trying to block an order to help unlock the encrypted iPhone of one of the San Bernardino shooters  lawyers with expertise in the subject said this week."
"UPDATE 2-Apple likely to invoke free-speech rights in encryption fight " "NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 18 Apple Inc  will likely seek to invoke the United States' protections of free speech as one of its key legal arguments in trying to block an order to help unlock the encrypted iPhone of one of the San Bernardino shooters  lawyers with expertise in the subject said this week."
"UPDATE 3-Trump calls for boycott until Apple unlocks shooter's phone " "PAWLEYS ISLAND  S.C.  Feb 19 Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump called on Friday for a boycott of Apple Inc products until the tech company agreed to help the U.S. government unlock the cellphone of one of the killers in last year's San Bernardino  California  shooting."
"U.S. files motion to compel Apple to comply with phone order -ABC News " "WASHINGTON  Feb 19 The U.S. Department of Justice has filed motion seeking to compel Apple Inc to comply with a judge's order for the company to unlock the iPhone belonging to one of the San Bernardino shooters  ABC News reported on Friday."
"U.S. files motion to force Apple to obey iPhone order -court " "LOS ANGELES  Feb 19 The U.S. Department of Justice has filed a motion seeking to compel Apple Inc  to comply with a judge's order for the company to unlock the iPhone belonging to one of the San Bernardino shooters  according to a court document filed Friday."
"Apple likely to invoke free-speech rights in encryption fight " "NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc  will likely seek to invoke the United States' protections of free speech as one of its key legal arguments in trying to block an order to help unlock the encrypted iPhone of one of the San Bernardino shooters  lawyers with expertise in the subject said this week. | Video "
"CORRECTED-UPDATE 7-U.S.  Apple ratchet up rhetoric in fight over encryption " "WASHINGTON  Feb 19 The U.S. Department of Justice filed a motion on Friday seeking to compel Apple Inc  to comply with a judge's order to unlock the encrypted iPhone belonging to one of the San Bernardino shooters  portraying the tech giant's refusal as a ""marketing strategy."""
"EXCLUSIVE - Common mobile software could have opened San Bernardino shooter's iPhone " "The legal showdown over U.S. demands that Apple Inc unlock an iPhone used by San Bernardino shooter Rizwan Farook might have been avoided if his employer  which owns the device  had equipped it with special mobile phone software it issues to many workers. | Video "
"Trump calls for boycott until Apple unlocks shooter's phone " "PAWLEYS ISLAND  S.C. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump called on Friday for a boycott of Apple Inc products until the tech company agreed to help the U.S. government unlock the cellphone of one of the killers in last year's San Bernardino  California  shooting."
"Apple urges government to form commission on encryption issues " "Feb 22 Apple Inc  fighting a demand by the U.S. government that it unlock an iPhone used by one of the San Bernardino shooters  has called for the creation of a government commission or panel of experts to discuss the implications of the demand on issues such as national security and personal freedoms."
"Deutsche Telekom launches new will.i.am smartwatch " "BARCELONA  Feb 22 Deutsche Telekom is launching a new voice-activated smartwatch from U.S. performer and producer will.i.am. in Germany and some other European countries later this year  they said on Monday."
"Exclusive: San Bernardino victims to oppose Apple on iPhone encryption " "Some victims of the San Bernardino attack will file a legal brief in support of the U.S. government's attempt to force Apple Inc to unlock the encrypted iPhone belonging to one of the shooters  a lawyer representing the victims said on Sunday."
"San Bernardino victims to oppose Apple on iPhone encryption " "Some victims of the San Bernardino attack will file a legal brief in support of the U.S. government's attempt to force Apple Inc to unlock the encrypted iPhone belonging to one of the shooters  a lawyer representing the victims said on Sunday."
"Trump calls for boycott until Apple unlocks shooter's phone " "PAWLEYS ISLAND  S.C. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump called on Friday for a boycott of Apple Inc products until the tech company agreed to help the U.S. government unlock the cellphone of one of the killers in last year's San Bernardino  California  shooting."
"U.S.  Apple ratchet up rhetoric in fight over encryption " "WASHINGTON The U.S. Department of Justice filed a motion on Friday seeking to compel Apple Inc  to comply with a judge's order to unlock the encrypted iPhone belonging to one of the San Bernardino shooters  portraying the tech giant's refusal as a ""marketing strategy."""
"U.S.  Apple ratchet up rhetoric in fight over encryption " "WASHINGTON The U.S. Department of Justice filed a motion on Friday seeking to compel Apple Inc to comply with a judge's order to unlock the encrypted iPhone belonging to one of the San Bernardino shooters  portraying the tech giant's refusal as a ""marketing strategy."""
"U.S.  Apple ratchet up rhetoric in fight over encryption " "WASHINGTON The U.S. Department of Justice filed a motion on Friday seeking to compel Apple Inc to comply with a judge's order to unlock the encrypted iPhone belonging to one of the San Bernardino shooters  portraying the tech giant's refusal as a ""marketing strategy."" | Video "
"U.S. government  Apple take encryption case to court of public opinion " "Apple Inc on Monday urged the creation of a government panel on encryption  the latest salvo in a standoff over a locked iPhone linked to the San Bernardino shooting that has escalated into a public relations battle between the revered technology company and the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation."
"COLUMN-DOJ accuses Apple of 'misleading' in encryption fight: Frankel " "NEW YORK Feb 23 In Apple's depiction of its intensifying fight with the U.S. Justice Department over accessing data from the iPhone of accused San Bernardino shooter Syed Farook  the company is heroically battling in courts across the country for the principle of protecting the privacy of cellphone users  even if that principle requires Apple to oppose government requests to help investigators crack security on suspected criminals' phones."
"UPDATE 6-U.S. government  Apple take encryption case to court of public opinion " "Feb 22 Apple Inc on Monday urged the creation of a government panel on encryption  the latest salvo in a standoff over a locked iPhone linked to the San Bernardino shooting that has escalated into a public relations battle between the revered technology company and the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation."
"U.S. DOJ seeks to force Apple to extract data from dozen other iPhones - WSJ " "Feb 22 The U.S. Justice Department is looking at court orders forcing Apple Inc to help investigators extract data from iPhones in about a dozen undisclosed cases across the country  the Wall Street Journal reported  citing sources."
"U.S. government  Apple take encryption case to court of public opinion " "Apple Inc on Monday urged the creation of a government panel on encryption  the latest salvo in a standoff over a locked iPhone linked to the San Bernardino shooting that has escalated into a public relations battle between the revered technology company and the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation. | Video "
"U.S. sought data from 15 Apple iPhones in last four months " "Court records released on Tuesday show the U.S. Justice Department has in the last four months sought court orders to force Apple Inc to help investigators extract data from 15 iPhones in cases across the country."
"Apple CEO Tim Cook: Unlocking San Bernardino iPhone would be 'bad for America' " "WASHINGTON  Feb 24 Apple CEO Tim Cook on Wednesday said that complying with a court order to help the FBI break into an iPhone belonging to a San Bernardino shooter would be ""bad for America "" and set an ""offensive"" legal precedent."
"Apple working on measures to make it harder for government to hack iPhones -NYT " "Feb 24 Apple Inc is said to be developing security measures to make it even harder for the government to break into iPhones  the New York Times reported on Wednesday  citing people close to the company and security experts."
"Bulls chalk one up after late-day surge on Wall St. " "U.S. stocks mounted a late-session rally to close higher on Wednesday after an increase in oil prices helped reduce investors' fears about banks' vulnerability to energy companies struggling to pay their debts. | Video "
"CORRECTED-UPDATE 1-U.S. sought data from 15 Apple devices in last four months " "NEW YORK  Feb 23 Court records released on Tuesday show the U.S. Justice Department has in the last four months sought court orders to force Apple Inc to help investigators extract data from 15 devices in cases across the country."
"Solid support for Apple in iPhone encryption fight: poll " "BOSTON Nearly half of Americans support Apple Inc's  decision to oppose a federal court order demanding that it unlock a smartphone used by San Bernardino shooter Rizwan Farook  according to a national online Reuters/Ipsos poll. | Video "
"UPDATE 1-Verizon supports 'strong encryption with no backdoors' -CEO " "NEW YORK  Feb 24 Verizon Communications Inc  supports ""the availability of strong encryption with no backdoors "" Chief Executive Lowell McAdam said on Wednesday  weighing in the showdown between Apple Inc and U.S. authorities over mobile device encryption."
"U.S. sought data from 15 Apple devices in last four months " "NEW YORK Court records released on Tuesday show the U.S. Justice Department has in the last four months sought court orders to force Apple Inc  to help investigators extract data from 15 devices in cases across the country."
"US STOCKS-Bulls chalk one up after late-day surge on Wall St " "* Indexes end higher: Dow 0.32 pct  S&P 0.44 pct  Nasdaq 0.87 pct   (Updates to close)"
"Apple calls FBI iPhone request 'unprecedented' in court filing " "Apple Inc on Thursday struck back in court against a U.S. government demand that it unlock an encrypted iPhone belonging to one of the San Bernardino shooters  arguing such a move would violate its free speech rights and override the will of Congress."
"Apple CEO: Unlocking San Bernardino iPhone would be 'bad for America' " "WASHINGTON Apple chief Tim Cook on Wednesday said that complying with a court order to help the FBI break into an iPhone belonging to one of the San Bernardino shooters would be ""bad for America "" and set a legal precedent that would offend many Americans. | Video "
"Apple files arguments in court opposing FBI iPhone request " "Feb 25 Apple Inc submitted a legal brief on Thursday opposing the U.S. government's attempt to force the technology company to unlock an encrypted iPhone belonging to one of the San Bernardino shooters  one day before the filing deadline."
"Apple unlocking case not 'trailblazer' for precedent -FBI chief " "WASHINGTON The case involving a court order demanding Apple help the FBI unlock the iPhone linked to one of the San Bernardino shooters is ""unlikely to be a trailblazer"" for setting a precedent for other cases  FBI Director James Comey told a congressional panel Thursday."
"Apple unlocking case not 'trailblazer' for precedent: FBI chief " "WASHINGTON The case involving a court order demanding Apple help the FBI unlock the iPhone linked to one of the San Bernardino shooters is ""unlikely to be a trailblazer"" for setting a precedent for other cases  FBI Director James Comey told a congressional panel Thursday. | Video "
"Google  Facebook  others plan briefs supporting Apple in iPhone case: sources " "SAN FRANCISCO Alphabet Inc's  Google  Facebook Inc   Microsoft Corp  and Twitter Inc  will all file or sign on to amicus briefs in support of Apple Inc's  fight against a magistrate's order  which requires it to help the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation break into a San Bernardino shooter's iPhone."
"Google  Facebook  others plan briefs supporting Apple in iPhone case-sources " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 25 Alphabet Inc's  Google  Facebook Inc  Microsoft Corp and Twitter Inc will all file or sign on to amicus briefs in support of Apple Inc's fight against a magistrate's order  which requires it to help the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation break into a San Bernardino shooter's iPhone."
"TAKE A LOOK-Apple versus FBI encryption fight heats up " "Feb 25 Apple Inc on Thursday doubled down on its resistance to the U.S. government's attempt to force it to unlock an encrypted iPhone belonging to one of the San Bernardino shooters  arguing for the dismissal of a court order compelling it to act on the grounds that it would violate its free speech rights and blur the lines between courts and Congress."
"UPDATE 2-Apple unlocking case not 'trailblazer' for precedent -FBI chief " "WASHINGTON  Feb 25 The case involving a court order demanding Apple help the FBI unlock the iPhone linked to one of the San Bernardino shooters is ""unlikely to be a trailblazer"" for setting a precedent for other cases  FBI Director James Comey told a congressional panel Thursday."
"UPDATE 4-Apple calls FBI iPhone request 'unprecedented' in court filing " "Feb 25 Apple Inc on Thursday struck back in court against a U.S. government demand that it unlock an encrypted iPhone belonging to one of the San Bernardino shooters  arguing such a move would violate its free speech rights and override the will of Congress."
"Apple calls FBI iPhone request 'unprecedented' in court filing " "Apple Inc  on Thursday struck back in court against a U.S. government demand that it unlock an encrypted iPhone belonging to one of the San Bernardino shooters  arguing such a move would violate its free speech rights and override the will of Congress. | Video "
"Apple CEO commits to annual dividend raise  says is advocate for privacy " "Feb 26 Chief Executive Tim Cook said on Friday Apple Inc is committed to raising its dividend annually  a move designed to please investors but also a sign the world's most famous technology company may no longer be a growth stock."
"Apple encryption stand highlights mobile operators' dilemma " "BARCELONA Apple Inc's  stance on privacy in the face of a U.S. government demand to unlock an iPhone belonging to one of the San Bernardino attackers has raised awkward questions for the world's mobile network operators."
"Apple encryption stand highlights mobile operators' dilemma " "BARCELONA  Feb 26 Apple Inc's stance on privacy in the face of a U.S. government demand to unlock an iPhone belonging to one of the San Bernardino attackers has raised awkward questions for the world's mobile network operators."
"Samsung wins appeal in patent dispute with Apple " "Feb 26 A U.S. appeals court on Friday overturned a $120 million jury verdict against Samsung  finally handing the South Korean smartphone maker a significant win in its longstanding patent feud with top rival Apple."
"Sharp  Foxconn extend deal talks deadline up to two weeks - source " "TOKYO  Feb 26 Japan's Sharp Corp and Taiwan's Foxconn agreed on Friday to extend a deadline for takeover talks by one or two weeks beyond Monday's planned expiry  a person familiar with the matter said."
"Sharp  Foxconn extend deal talks deadline up to two weeks: source " "TOKYO Japan's Sharp Corp  and Taiwan's Foxconn agreed on Friday to extend a deadline for takeover talks by one or two weeks beyond Monday's planned expiry  a person familiar with the matter said."
"UPDATE 1-Apple CEO Tim Cook commits to annual dividend raise " "Feb 26 Chief Executive Tim Cook said on Friday Apple Inc is committed to raising its dividend annually  a move designed to please investors but also a sign the world's most famous technology company may no longer be a growth stock."
"US high-grade tallies massive week " "NEW YORK  Feb 26 (IFR) - Corporate bond issuers turned on the taps this week to generate the US primary market's second-largest week of the year  selling more than US$44bn of debt as buyers welcomed the chance to put money to work at attractive spreads."
"Apple CEO Tim Cook commits to annual dividend raise " "Chief Executive Tim Cook said on Friday Apple Inc is committed to raising its dividend annually  a move designed to please investors but also a sign the world's most famous technology company may no longer be a growth stock."
"Samsung wins appeal in patent dispute with Apple " "A U.S. appeals court on Friday overturned a $120 million jury verdict against Samsung  finally handing the South Korean smartphone maker a significant win in its longstanding patent feud with top rival Apple."
"Samsung wins appeal in patent dispute with Apple " "A U.S. appeals court on Friday overturned a $120 million jury verdict against Samsung  finally handing the South Korean smartphone maker a significant win in its longstanding patent feud with top rival Apple."
"UPDATE 2-Samsung wins appeal in patent dispute with Apple " "Feb 26 A U.S. appeals court on Friday overturned a $120 million jury verdict against Samsung  finally handing the South Korean smartphone maker a significant win in its longstanding patent feud with top rival Apple."
"Attorney General Lynch says hopes Apple will comply with court order " "WASHINGTON  Feb 29 U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch said on Monday that she hopes Apple Inc. will still comply with the court order by a federal judge in California to unlock the iPhone used by one of the San Bernardino shooters."
"Attorney General Lynch says hopes Apple will comply with court order " "WASHINGTON U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch said on Monday that she hopes Apple Inc.  will still comply with the court order by a federal judge in California to unlock the iPhone used by one of the San Bernardino shooters."
"Unlocking iPhone would leave millions exposed  Apple to tell Congress " "WASHINGTON  Feb 29 Unlocking an iPhone used by one of the San Bernardino shooters would leave hundreds of millions of Apple Inc device owners vulnerable to cybercriminals and other hackers  the company's top lawyer is expected to tell U.S. lawmakers on Tuesday."
"Unlocking iPhone would leave millions exposed  Apple to tell Congress " "WASHINGTON Unlocking an iPhone used by one of the San Bernardino shooters would leave hundreds of millions of Apple Inc  device owners vulnerable to cybercriminals and other hackers  the company's top lawyer is expected to tell U.S. lawmakers on Tuesday."
"Judicial panel members consider legal brief in Apple case: sources " "WASHINGTON Members of the House Judiciary Committee are considering filing a ""friend of the court"" brief in Apple Inc's [AAPL.O] encryption dispute with the U.S. government to argue that the case should be decided by Congress and not the courts  five sources familiar with the matter said."
"N.Y. judge backs Apple in encryption fight with government " "The U.S. government cannot force Apple Inc  to unlock an iPhone in a New York drug case  a federal judge in Brooklyn said on Monday  a ruling that bolsters the company's arguments in its landmark legal showdown with the Justice Department over encryption and privacy."
"UPDATE 3-N.Y. judge backs Apple in encryption fight with government " "Feb 29 The U.S. government cannot force Apple Inc to unlock an iPhone in a New York drug case  a federal judge in Brooklyn said on Monday  a ruling that bolsters the company's arguments in its landmark legal showdown with the Justice Department over encryption and privacy."
"U.S. attorney general worried encryption debate 'all about Apple' " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 1 U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch said on Tuesday her Justice Department's court battle to force Apple Inc to unlock an iPhone linked to one of the San Bernardino shooters ran the risk of becoming ""all about Apple"" and that the company should not be able to decide the broader encryption debate alone."
"U.S. attorney general worried encryption debate 'all about Apple' " "SAN FRANCISCO U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch said on Tuesday her Justice Department's court battle to force Apple Inc  to unlock an iPhone linked to one of the San Bernardino shooters ran the risk of becoming ""all about Apple"" and that the company should not be able to decide the broader encryption debate alone."
"U.S. judicial panel members consider legal brief in Apple case -sources " "WASHINGTON  Feb 29 Members of the U.S. House Judiciary Committee are considering filing a ""friend of the court"" brief in Apple Inc's encryption dispute with the U.S. government to argue that the case should be decided by Congress and not the courts  five sources familiar with the matter said."
"U.S. judicial panel members consider legal brief in Apple case -sources " "WASHINGTON Members of the U.S. House Judiciary Committee are considering filing a ""friend of the court"" brief in Apple Inc's encryption dispute with the U.S. government to argue that the case should be decided by Congress and not the courts  five sources familiar with the matter said."
"Apple should not try making a car on its own  Marchionne says " "GENEVA  March 2 U.S. technology giant Apple  should collaborate with carmakers to make a vehicle and use the expertise already available rather than attempt to do it on its own  Fiat Chrysler Chief Executive Sergio Marchionne said."
"Apple should not try making a car on its own  Marchionne says " "GENEVA U.S. technology giant Apple should collaborate with carmakers to make a vehicle and use the expertise already available rather than attempt to do it on its own  Fiat Chrysler Chief Executive Sergio Marchionne said."
"Apple's new San Francisco office could be a tool in tech talent wars " "SAN FRANCISCO From Apple’s earliest days  executives insisted that employees work from its headquarters in sleepy suburban Cupertino. | Video "
"Apple supplier Broadcom to slash 1 900 jobs globally " "Chipmaker Broadcom Ltd  the company created following the merger of Avago and Broadcom  said it would cut about 1 900 jobs globally across its businesses."
"AT&T supports Apple in U.S. iPhone encryption dispute " "AT&T Inc  filed a legal brief supporting Apple Inc  in a high profile fight against the U.S. Justice Department's bid to unlock an encrypted iPhone belonging to one of the San Bernardino shooters."
"AT&T supports Apple in U.S. iPhone encryption dispute " "March 3 AT&T Inc filed a legal brief supporting Apple Inc in a high profile fight against the U.S. Justice Department's bid to unlock an encrypted iPhone belonging to one of the San Bernardino shooters."
"Google's self-driving car team beefs up auto experience " "SAN FRANCISCO/DETROITGoogle's self-driving car team is expanding and hiring more people with automotive industry expertise  underscoring the company's determination to move the division past the experimental stage."
"RPT-Google's self-driving car team beefs up auto experience " "SAN FRANCISCO/DETROIT  March 3Google's self-driving car team is expanding and hiring more people with automotive industry expertise  underscoring the company's determination to move the division past the experimental stage."
"RPT-INSIGHT-Apple's new San Francisco office could be a tool in tech talent wars " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 3 From Apple's  earliest days  executives insisted that employees work from its headquarters in sleepy suburban Cupertino."
"Six relatives of attack victims oppose Apple in encryption fight " "March 3 Six relatives of San Bernardino attack victims filed a legal brief on Thursday opposing Apple  in its high-profile fight against the U.S. Justice Department's bid to unlock an encrypted iPhone belonging to one of the shooters."
"Six relatives of attack victims oppose Apple in encryption fight " "Six relatives of San Bernardino attack victims filed a legal brief on Thursday opposing Apple  in its high-profile fight against the U.S. Justice Department's bid to unlock an encrypted iPhone belonging to one of the shooters."
"UPDATE 1-Apple supplier Broadcom to slash 1 900 jobs globally " "March 3 Chipmaker Broadcom Ltd  the company created following the merger of Avago and Broadcom  said it would cut about 1 900 jobs globally across its businesses."
"Threat to Apple patents to be excluded from upcoming Samsung retrial  judge rules " "Samsung may not introduce evidence from the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office questioning the validity of smartphone rival Apple's patents at the center of an upcoming damages retrial  a federal judge has ruled."
"U.N. rights boss warns against precedent in Apple versus FBI case " "GENEVA The top U.N. human rights official warned on Friday that U.S. officials risked opening a ""Pandora's Box"" in the case against Apple Inc  that could infringe the rights of millions worldwide and ease the way for authoritarian rulers and criminal hackers."
"UN rights boss warns against precedent in Apple vs. FBI case " "GENEVA  March 4 The top U.N. human rights official warned on Friday that U.S. officials risked opening a ""Pandora's Box"" in the case against Apple Inc that could infringe the rights of millions worldwide and ease the way for authoritarian rulers and criminal hackers."
"UPDATE 6-U.S. tech companies unite behind Apple ahead of iPhone encryption ruling " "March 3 Tech industry leaders including Alphabet Inc's Google  Facebook Inc  Microsoft Corp   AT&T and more than two dozen other Internet and technology companies filed legal briefs on Thursday asking a judge to support Apple Inc in its encryption battle with the U.S. government."
"U.S. tech companies unite behind Apple ahead of iPhone encryption ruling " "Tech industry leaders including Alphabet Inc's  Google  Facebook Inc   Microsoft Corp   AT&T  and more than two dozen other Internet and technology companies filed legal briefs on Thursday asking a judge to support Apple Inc  in its encryption battle with the U.S. government."
"U.S. tech companies unite behind Apple ahead of iPhone encryption ruling " "Tech industry leaders including Alphabet Inc's Google  Facebook Inc  Microsoft Corp  AT&T and more than two dozen other Internet and technology companies filed legal briefs on Thursday asking a judge to support Apple Inc in its encryption battle with the U.S. government."
"U.S. tech companies unite behind Apple ahead of iPhone encryption ruling " "Tech industry leaders including Alphabet Inc's  Google  Facebook Inc  Microsoft Corp  AT&T and more than two dozen other Internet and technology companies filed legal briefs on Thursday asking a judge to support Apple Inc in its encryption battle with the U.S. government."
"Apple users targeted in first known Mac ransomware campaign " "BOSTON  March 6 Apple Inc customers were targeted by hackers over the weekend in the first campaign against Macintosh computers using a pernicious type of software known as ransomware  researchers with Palo Alto Networks Inc  told Reuters on Sunday."
"Justice Department asks judge to reconsider NY iPhone case " "WASHINGTON The U.S. Justice Department on Monday resubmitted its case for Apple to unlock an encrypted iPhone belonging to a drug offender to a higher judge in the Eastern District of New York."
"Mac ransomware caught before large number of computers infected " "The first known ransomware attack on Apple Inc's  Mac computers  which was discovered over the weekend  was downloaded more than 6 000 times before the threat was contained  according to a developer whose product was tainted with the malicious software. | Video "
"Mac ransomware downloaded about 6 500 times  Transmission rep says " "BOSTON  March 7 The first known ransomware targeted at Apple Inc's Mac computers was only downloaded about 6 500 times  according to a representative for the Transmission project  whose software was used to launch the attack."
"Recall Notice: Blue cheese  Apple adapters  Continental airbags " "This February  an Iowa farm's blue cheese products prompted contamination fears  Apple recalled nearly 1 million travel adapter kits  Continental Automotive announced a potential airbag defect and Mars Inc yanked candy in 55 countries after one customer found something unexpected in a Snickers bar."
"Supreme Court rejects Apple e-books price-fixing appeal " "WASHINGTON The Supreme Court on Monday declined to hear Apple Inc's challenge to an appellate court decision that it conspired with five publishers to increase e-book prices  meaning it will have to pay $450 million as part of a settlement."
"UPDATE 1-Apple users targeted in first known Mac ransomware campaign " "BOSTON  March 6 Apple Inc customers were targeted by hackers over the weekend in the first campaign against Macintosh computers using a pernicious type of software known as ransomware  researchers with Palo Alto Networks Inc  told Reuters on Sunday."
"UPDATE 1-Mac ransomware caught before large number of computers infected " "March 7 The first known ransomware attack on Apple Inc's Mac computers  which was discovered over the weekend  was downloaded more than 6 000 times before the threat was contained  according to a developer whose product was tainted with the malicious software."
"UPDATE 3-U.S. Supreme Court rejects Apple e-books price-fixing appeal " "WASHINGTON  March 7 The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday declined to hear Apple Inc's challenge to an appellate court decision that it conspired with five publishers to increase e-book prices  meaning it will have to pay $450 million as part of a settlement."
"U.S. Supreme Court rejects Apple e-books price-fixing appeal " "WASHINGTON The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday declined to hear Apple Inc's challenge to an appellate court decision that it conspired with five publishers to increase e-book prices  meaning it will have to pay $450 million as part of a settlement."
"Justice Department asks judge to revisit NY iPhone case " "WASHINGTON The U.S. Justice Department on Monday sought to overturn a ruling which protects Apple  from unlocking an iPhone in a New York drug case."
"Justice Department asks judge to revisit NY iPhone case " "WASHINGTON The U.S. Justice Department on Monday sought to overturn a ruling which protects Apple from unlocking an iPhone in a New York drug case."
"Mac ransomware caught before large number of computers infected " "The first known ransomware attack on Apple Inc's  Mac computers  which was discovered over the weekend  was downloaded more than 6 000 times before the threat was contained  according to a developer whose product was tainted with the malicious software. | Video "
"UPDATE 2-Justice Department asks judge to revisit NY iPhone case " "WASHINGTON  March 7 The U.S. Justice Department on Monday sought to overturn a ruling which protects Apple  from unlocking an iPhone in a New York drug case."
"CORRECTED-COLUMN-Invest and chill: Why millennials are such cool investors " "NEW YORK  March 9 Ian Wishingrad may only be 30 years old  but he already considers himself an investing veteran. So when the market began to swoon in early 2016  he kept his cool."
"Signs of life for Apple's stock as Wall St. eyes new iPhone " "SAN FRANCISCO After months of declines in Apple's  stock  sentiment appears to be mending as investors focus on steady earnings expectations and bet that the expected launch of a new iPhone will add badly-needed fuel to sputtering sales. | Video "
"Signs of life for Apple's stock as Wall St eyes new iPhone " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 9 After months of declines in Apple's stock  sentiment appears to be mending as investors focus on steady earnings expectations and bet that the expected launch of a new iPhone will add badly-needed fuel to sputtering sales."
"Invest and chill: Why millennials are such cool investors " "NEW YORK Ian Wishingrad may only be 30 years old  but he already considers himself an investing veteran. So when the market began to swoon in early 2016  he kept his cool."
"REFILE-COLUMN-Invest and chill: Why millennials are such cool investors " "NEW YORK  March 9 Ian Wishingrad may only be 30 years old  but he already considers himself an investing veteran. So when the market began to swoon in early 2016  he kept his cool."
"UPDATE 2-Apple sets March 21 event  Wall Street sees new  smaller iPhone " "March 10 Apple Inc sent an invite to reporters on Thursday for an event at its Cupertino  California headquarters on March 21  possibly signaling the unveiling of a new  smaller iPhone."
"U.S. government calls Apple rhetoric 'false' in iPhone case " "March 10 The U.S. Justice Department on Thursday said Apple Inc's rhetoric was ""false"" in a high-profile fight over the government's bid to unlock an encrypted iPhone belonging to one of the San Bernardino shooters."
"Apple lawyer says U.S. Justice Dept attempting to 'smear' company " "WASHINGTON Apple accused the U.S. Justice Department on Thursday of trying to ""smear"" the company by trafficking in ""desperate"" and ""unsubstantiated"" claims in its ongoing quest to force the company to help unlock an encrypted iPhone linked to one of the San Bernardino  California shooters."
"Apple lawyer says U.S. Justice Dept attempting to 'smear' company " "WASHINGTON  March 10 Apple accused the U.S. Justice Department on Thursday of trying to ""smear"" the company by trafficking in ""desperate"" and ""unsubstantiated"" claims in its ongoing quest to force the company to help unlock an encrypted iPhone linked to one of the San Bernardino  California shooters."
"Apple 'raised technological barriers' to stop warrant in iPhone case: U.S. government " "The U.S. Justice Department on Thursday said Apple Inc's  rhetoric was ""false"" in a high-profile fight over the government's bid to unlock an encrypted iPhone belonging to one of the San Bernardino shooters."
"Apple sets March 21 event  Wall Street sees new  smaller iPhone " "Apple Inc  sent an invite to reporters on Thursday for an event at its Cupertino  California headquarters on March 21  possibly signaling the unveiling of a new  smaller iPhone. | Video "
"UPDATE 3-U.S. government calls Apple rhetoric 'false' in iPhone case " "March 10 The U.S. Justice Department on Thursday said Apple Inc's rhetoric was ""false"" in a high-profile fight over the government's bid to unlock an encrypted iPhone belonging to one of the San Bernardino shooters."
"U.S. government calls Apple rhetoric 'false' in iPhone case " "The U.S. Justice Department on Thursday said Apple Inc's rhetoric was ""false"" in a high-profile fight over the government's bid to unlock an encrypted iPhone belonging to one of the San Bernardino shooters."
"Apple fight could escalate with demand for 'source code' " "SAN FRANCISCO The latest filing in the legal war between the planet’s most powerful government and its most valuable company gave one indication of how the high-stakes confrontation could escalate even further."
"China consumer day show targets fake online sales  food delivery " "SHANGHAI China's annual consumer rights day TV show took aim at online food delivery apps  faked online sales and dodgy false teeth when it aired late on Tuesday  but the much-hyped program unusually failed to snag any major international firms."
"China consumer day show targets fake online sales  food delivery " "SHANGHAI  March 15 China's annual consumer rights day TV show took aim at online food delivery apps  faked online sales and dodgy false teeth when it aired late on Tuesday  but the much-hyped programme unusually failed to snag any major international firms."
"CORRECTED-Apple: U.S. founders would be 'appalled' by government iPhone request " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 15 In Apple Inc's  final brief before a court hearing next week in its clash with the U.S. government over an encrypted iPhone  the company on Tuesday said the U.S. founding fathers ""would be appalled"" by the Department of Justice's request."
"CORRECTED-UPDATE 1-Apple: U.S. founders would be 'appalled' by DOJ iPhone request " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 15 The U.S. founding fathers ""would be appalled"" by a Department of Justice request to unlock an encrypted iPhone  Apple Inc said on Tuesday in its final brief before a court showdown next week."
"UPDATE 2-Apple: U.S. founders would be 'appalled' by DOJ iPhone request " "SAN FRANCISCO/WASHINGTON  March 15 The U.S. founding fathers ""would be appalled"" by a Department of Justice request to unlock an encrypted iPhone  Apple Inc said on Tuesday in its final brief before a court showdown next week."
"Apple: U.S. founders would be 'appalled' by DOJ iPhone request " "SAN FRANCISCO/WASHINGTON The U.S. founding fathers ""would be appalled"" by a Department of Justice request to unlock an encrypted iPhone  Apple Inc  said on Tuesday in its final brief before a court showdown next week. | Video "
"EU regulators want more info on Apple's Irish tax deal " "BRUSSELS/DUBLIN - European Union antitrust regulators have asked Ireland to provide further details on the country's tax deal with Apple before deciding whether this constitutes illegal state aid to the iPhone maker."
"EU regulators want more info on Apple's Irish tax deal " "BRUSSELS/DUBLIN  March 16 - European Union antitrust regulators have asked Ireland to provide further details on the country's tax deal with Apple before deciding whether this constitutes illegal state aid to the iPhone maker."
"German court rules against Apple in video streaming patent case " "A German court has ruled against Apple Inc  in a case over video streaming patents  handing Kudelski's OpenTV unit a victory in its ongoing intellectual property licensing campaign against major technology companies."
"German court rules against Apple in video streaming patent case " "March 16 A German court has ruled against Apple Inc in a case over video streaming patents  handing Kudelski's OpenTV unit a victory in its ongoing intellectual property licensing campaign against major technology companies."
"Taiwan stocks rise; Apple suppliers up " "March 16 Taiwan stocks rose on Wednesday  cheered by gains in Apple Inc's  suppliers following the iPhone maker's strong rise on Wall Street overnight."
"UPDATE 1-Japan Display to shut 2 Japan LCD lines  take $123 mln charge " "* Aims to start OLED production from 2018   (Adds background on Apple and Sharp)"
"German court ruling threatens Apple's video services " "FRANKFURT/SAN FRANCISCO A German district court has ruled that Apple Inc  violated patents acquired by Swiss security company Kudelski's OpenTV business  which could force Apple to remove some video streaming features from popular products sold in Germany."
"Imagination Technologies plans more cost cuts " "LONDON  March 17 Imagination Technologies   a supplier of graphics technology to Apple  said it planned further cost cuts on top of those announced in February  in an acceleration of its restructuring."
"Slowing iPhone growth spurs deeper cuts at UK's Imagination " "LONDON Imagination Technologies  the British company whose graphics power Apple's iPhone  said it would make new cost cuts  including job losses  to speed up a turnaround plan."
"UPDATE 1-Slowing iPhone growth spurs deeper cuts at UK's Imagination " "LONDON  March 17 Imagination Technologies   the British company whose graphics power Apple's  iPhone  said it would make new cost cuts  including job losses  to speed up a turnaround plan."
"UPDATE 3-German court ruling threatens Apple's video services " "* Kudelski previously agreed deals with Google  Cisco and Netflix   (Adds Federal Patent Court statement)"
"U.S. SEC says Amazon should allow shareholder vote on gender pay " "March 17 Amazon.com Inc should allow shareholders to vote on a proposal on gender pay equality  the U.S. securities regulator decided this week in rejecting the retailer's request to omit the measure from its annual ballot."
"SEC says Amazon should allow shareholder vote on gender pay " "Amazon.com Inc  should allow shareholders to vote on a proposal on gender pay equality  the U.S. securities regulator decided this week in rejecting the retailer's request to omit the measure from its annual ballot."
"UPDATE 2-U.S. prosecutors  Apple to bring witnesses to hearing on locked iPhone " "WASHINGTON  March 18 The U.S. government and Apple Inc will be able to cross-examine the other's witnesses in a court hearing next week on whether the technology company must help federal investigators unlock an encrypted iPhone tied to one of the San Bernardino killers  Apple said."
"U.S. prosecutors  Apple to bring witnesses to hearing on locked iPhone " "WASHINGTON The U.S. government and Apple Inc  will be able to cross-examine the other's witnesses in a court hearing next week on whether the technology company must help federal investigators unlock an encrypted iPhone tied to one of the San Bernardino killers  Apple said."
"Apple hires corporate security officer amid legal battle with government - sources " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 18 Apple Inc  amid a pitched battle with the U.S. government over law enforcement's desire to crack into iPhones   has hired a new security executive to oversee its corporate digital defenses  people familiar with the matter said."
"U.S. prosecutors  Apple to bring witnesses to hearing on locked iPhone " "WASHINGTON The U.S. government and Apple Inc  will be able to cross-examine the other's witnesses in a court hearing next week on whether the technology company must help federal investigators unlock an encrypted iPhone tied to one of the San Bernardino killers  Apple said."
"U.S. prosecutors  Apple to bring witnesses to hearing on locked iPhone " "WASHINGTON The U.S. government and Apple Inc  will be able to cross-examine the other's witnesses in a court hearing next week on whether the technology company must help federal investigators unlock an encrypted iPhone tied to one of the San Bernardino killers  Apple said."
"RPT-Smaller iPhone expected Monday as Apple counters drop in phone sales " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 21    Apple Inc  is expected to launch a smaller  cheaper iPhone on Monday aimed at emerging markets and possibly China  the world's biggest buyer of smartphones  as it looks to reverse a decline in worldwide sales of its most important product."
"Smaller iPhone expected Monday as Apple counters drop in phone sales " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 21    Apple Inc  is expected to launch a smaller  cheaper iPhone on Monday aimed at emerging markets and possibly China  the world's biggest buyer of smartphones  as it looks to reverse a decline in worldwide sales of its most important product."
"UPDATE 2-Apple's robot rips apart iPhones for recycling " "March 21 Apple Inc on Monday unveiled a robotic system called Liam to take apart junked iPhones and recover valuable materials that can be recycled  such as silver and tungsten."
"UPDATE 3-U.S. top court agrees to hear Samsung-Apple patent fight " "March 21 The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday stepped into the high-profile patent fight between the world's two fiercest smartphone rivals  Apple and Samsung  agreeing to hear Samsung's appeal of what it contends were excessive penalties for copying the patented designs of the iPhone."
"UPDATE 7-Apple hopes small is big again as iPhone SE debuts " "CUPERTINO  Calif.  March 21 Apple Inc  on Monday launched its least expensive iPhone  the $399 iPhone SE  filling a hole in its product lineup with a small-screen model that targets new customers in emerging markets and fans of smaller phones as the company tries to reverse falling phone sales."
"U.S. top court agrees to hear Samsung-Apple patent fight " "The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday stepped into the high-profile patent fight between the world's two fiercest smartphone rivals  Apple and Samsung  agreeing to hear Samsung's appeal of what it contends were excessive penalties for copying the patented designs of the iPhone."
"U.S. top court agrees to hear Samsung-Apple patent fight " "WASHINGTON  March 21 The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday stepped into the high-profile patent fight between the world's two fiercest smartphone rivals  Apple and Samsung  agreeing to hear Samsung's appeal of what it contends were excessive penalties for copying the patented designs of the iPhone."
"Apple says not making an offer for supplier Imagination " "LONDON Apple said on Tuesday it had talked about buying its supplier Imagination Technologies but did not plan to make an offer for the British graphics chip designer at the moment."
"BRIEF-Apple issues statement on discussions with Imagination " "* Had some discussions with Imagination  but we do not plan to make an offer for company at this time."
"BRIEF-Imagination Technologies says notes announcement from Apple " "* Reiterates its confidence in Imagination's strategy  Source text for Eikon:  Further company coverage:"
"REFILE-Apple says not making an offer for supplier Imagination " "LONDON  March 22 Apple said on Tuesday it had talked about buying its supplier Imagination Technologies  but did not plan to make an offer for the British graphics chip designer at the moment."
"Samsung asks for emergency stay of damages retrial with Apple " "In the wake of a decision by the U.S. Supreme Court to hear Samsung's appeal on damages related to design patent infringement  the company has asked a federal judge to postpone a retrial with Apple scheduled to begin in less than a week."
"UPDATE 1-Apple bets new 4-inch iPhone to draw big-screen converts in China  India " "* Feature-rich phone comes with latest processor  powerful camera"
"UPDATE 3-U.S. says it may not need Apple to open San Bernardino iPhone " "March 21 U.S. prosecutors said Monday that a ""third party"" had presented a possible method for opening an encrypted iPhone used by one of the San Bernardino shooters  a development that could bring an abrupt end to the high-stakes legal showdown between the government and Apple Inc."
"U.S. says it may not need Apple to open San Bernardino iPhone " "U.S. prosecutors said Monday that a ""third party"" had presented a possible method for opening an encrypted iPhone used by one of the San Bernardino shooters  a development that could bring an abrupt end to the high-stakes legal showdown between the government and Apple Inc."
"U.S. says it may not need Apple to open San Bernardino iPhone " "U.S. prosecutors said Monday that a ""third party"" had presented a possible method for opening an encrypted iPhone used by one of the San Bernardino shooters  a development that could bring an abrupt end to the high-stakes legal showdown between the government and Apple Inc . | Video "
"US STOCKS-Wall St flat as Apple cushions impact of Brussels blasts " "* Dow down 0.14 pct  S&P down 0.04 pct  Nasdaq up 0.13 pct   (Adds details  changes comment  updates prices)"
"Apple bets new 4-inch iPhone to draw big-screen converts in China  India " "CUPERTINO  Calif/MUMBAI Apple Inc  is betting a new 4-inch iPhone will spur smartphone users in key markets such as China and India to ditch their larger-screens in favor of the diminutive  yet feature-rich and lower-priced iPhone SE. | Video "
"Apple hopes small is big again as iPhone SE debuts " "CUPERTINO  Calif. Apple Inc  on Monday launched its least expensive iPhone  the $399 iPhone SE  filling a hole in its product lineup with a small-screen model that targets new customers in emerging markets and fans of smaller phones as the company tries to reverse falling phone sales. | Video "
"Apple Pay coming to mobile websites later this year: Re/code " "Apple Inc will integrate Apple Pay with its Safari browser later this year  allowing users to make purchases from mobile websites  technology website Re/code reported  citing sources."
"Apple Pay coming to mobile websites later this year - Re/code " "March 23 Apple Inc's mobile payments system  Apple Pay  is expanding into mobile websites later this year  technology website Re/code reported  citing sources."
"Judge postpones Apple-Samsung retrial on smartphone patent damages " "A federal judge has granted an 11th-hour request to postpone a retrial on the damages Samsung Electronics Co Ltd owes Apple Inc related to a 2012 jury verdict for patent infringement that was partially reversed on appeal."
"UPDATE 1-Apple Pay coming to mobile websites later this year - Re/code " "March 23 Apple Inc will integrate Apple Pay with its Safari browser later this year  allowing users to make purchases from mobile websites  technology website Re/code reported  citing sources."
"Apple shares are one reason hedge funds lag mutual funds in 2016 " "NEW YORK  March 24 Hedge funds may have taken too big a bite of Apple Inc."
"Apple working with Will.i.am  TV execs on original show " "Apple Inc's widely anticipated first original television show will feature the app economy."
"Apple working with Will.i.am  TV execs on original show " "March 24 Apple Inc's widely anticipated first original television show will feature the app economy."
"BRIEF-Apple's first foray into original tv is a series about apps - NYT " "* Apple's first foray into original TV is a series about apps - NYT"
"US high-grade Q1 volumes near new record " "NEW YORK  March 24 (IFR) - US high-grade issuance volumes are close to a new record for the quarter - after surviving a surge in volatility  geopolitical risks and weakness in oil prices early in the year - thanks to jumbo M&A financings and even a quirk in the calendar."
"U.S. attempt to unlock San Bernardino iPhone could impact N.Y. case: Apple " "NEW YORK Apple Inc said the U.S. Justice Department's new attempts to unlock an iPhone used by one of the San Bernardino shooters without the tech giant's help could eliminate the government's need for its assistance in a similar dispute in New York."
"U.S. attempt to unlock San Bernardino iPhone could impact N.Y. case: Apple " "NEW YORK  March 25 Apple Inc said the U.S. Justice Department's new attempts to unlock an iPhone used by one of the San Bernardino shooters without the tech giant's help could eliminate the government's need for its assistance in a similar dispute in New York."
"Apple shares are one reason hedge funds lag mutual funds in 2016 " "NEW YORK Hedge funds may have taken too big a bite of Apple Inc ."
"BRIEF-Apple on government dropping case over encrypted iPhone- ""this case should never have been brought"" - CNBC " "March 28 Apple Says From Beginning Objected To Fbi's Demand That Apple Build A Backdoor Into Iphone Because It Would Set A Dangerous Precedent"
"PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - March 29 " "March 29 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy."
"UPDATE 6-U.S. succeeds in cracking Apple's iPhone  drops legal action " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 28 The U.S. Justice Department said on Monday it had succeeded in unlocking an iPhone used by one of the San Bernardino shooters and dropped its legal case against Apple  ending a high-stakes legal battle but leaving the broader struggle over encryption unresolved."
"Apple could use Brooklyn case to pursue details about FBI iPhone hack: source " "SAN FRANCISCO If the U.S. Department of Justice asks a New York court to force Apple Inc to unlock an iPhone  the technology company could push the government to reveal how it accessed the phone which belonged to a shooter in San Bernardino  a source familiar with the situation said. | Video "
"Apple  Google routinely asked to help government access devices-ACLU " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 30 The American Civil Liberties Union on Wednesday said it had identified 63 cases across the U.S. in which the federal government asked for a court order compelling Apple Inc or Google to help access devices seized during investigations."
"Apple  Google routinely asked to help government access devices-ACLU " "SAN FRANCISCO The American Civil Liberties Union on Wednesday said it had identified 63 cases across the U.S. in which the federal government asked for a court order compelling Apple Inc or Google to help access devices seized during investigations."
"Apple  Google routinely asked to help government access devices: ACLU " "SAN FRANCISCO The American Civil Liberties Union on Wednesday said it had identified 63 cases across the U.S. in which the federal government asked for a court order compelling Apple Inc  or Google to help access devices seized during investigations. | Video "
"Apple suggests Federal Circuit panel went rogue in patent fight with Samsung " "Apple Inc has asked a federal appeals court to reconsider its reversal of a $120 million jury verdict against smartphone rival Samsung Electronics Co Ltd for patent infringement because it said the three-judge panel that made the decision last February violated the U.S. Constitution."
"FBI's secret method of unlocking iPhone may never reach Apple " "WASHINGTON  March 30 The FBI may be allowed to withhold information about how it broke into an iPhone belonging to a gunman in the December San Bernardino shootings  despite a U.S. government policy of disclosing technology security flaws discovered by federal agencies."
"FBI's secret method of unlocking iPhone may never reach Apple " "WASHINGTON The FBI may be allowed to withhold information about how it broke into an iPhone belonging to a gunman in the December San Bernardino shootings  despite a U.S. government policy of disclosing technology security flaws discovered by federal agencies."
"FBI's secret method of unlocking iPhone may never reach Apple " "WASHINGTON The FBI may be allowed to withhold information about how it broke into an iPhone belonging to a gunman in the December San Bernardino shootings  despite a U.S. government policy of disclosing technology security flaws discovered by federal agencies."
"Reuters Business News Schedule at 1230 GMT/0830 AM ET " "Global funds cut equity holdings to lowest in at least 5 years"
"RPT--FBI's secret method of unlocking iPhone may never reach Apple " "WASHINGTON  March 30 The FBI may be allowed to withhold information about how it broke into an iPhone belonging to a gunman in the December San Bernardino shootings  despite a U.S. government policy of disclosing technology security flaws discovered by federal agencies."
"FBI trick for breaking into iPhone likely to leak  limiting its use " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 2 The FBI's method for breaking into a locked iPhone 5c is unlikely to stay secret for long  according to senior Apple Inc engineers and outside experts."
"FBI trick for breaking into iPhone likely to leak  limiting its use " "SAN FRANCISCO The FBI's method for breaking into a locked iPhone 5c is unlikely to stay secret for long  according to senior Apple Inc engineers and outside experts."
"EU competition chief says unclear when Apple tax probe will be decided " "BRUSSELS A two-year investigation into whether Apple's  tax deal with Irish authorities gave the iPhone maker an unfair advantage will take a lot longer because of the large amount of data involved  the EU antitrust chief said on Monday."
"EU competition chief says unclear when Apple tax probe will be decided " "BRUSSELS A two-year investigation into whether Apple's tax deal with Irish authorities gave the iPhone maker an unfair advantage will take a lot longer because of the large amount of data involved  the EU antitrust chief said on Monday."
"FBI trick for breaking into iPhone likely to leak  limiting its use " "SAN FRANCISCO The FBI's method for breaking into a locked iPhone 5c is unlikely to stay secret for long  according to senior Apple Inc engineers and outside experts."
"BRIEF-Shares in Apple supplier Largan down nearly 5 pct on Q1 revenue slump " "* Largan manufactures lenses for smartphone cameras  including those for Apple Inc's iPhones  Further company coverage:    (Reporting by J.R. Wu)"
"REFILE-UPDATE 1-FBI director says unlocking method won't work on newer iPhones " "April 7 The Federal Bureau of Investigation's secret method for unlocking the iPhone 5c used by one of the San Bernardino shooters will not work on newer models  FBI Director James Comey said."
"FBI director says unlocking method won't work on newer iPhones " "The Federal Bureau of Investigation's secret method for unlocking the iPhone 5c used by one of the San Bernardino shooters will not work on newer models  FBI Director James Comey said."
"UPDATE 3-U.S. to continue appeal of iPhone data case in N.Y. " "April 8 The U.S. Justice Department on Friday said it would keep fighting to force Apple Inc to open an iPhone in a New York drug case  continuing its controversial effort to require Apple and other tech companies to help law enforcement authorities circumvent encryption."
"U.S. to continue appeal of iPhone data case in New York " "The U.S. Justice Department on Friday said it would keep fighting to force Apple Inc to open an iPhone in a New York drug case  continuing its controversial effort to require Apple and other tech companies to help law enforcement authorities circumvent encryption. | Video "
"U.S. to continue appeal of iPhone data case in N.Y. " "The U.S. Justice Department on Friday said it would keep fighting to force Apple Inc to open an iPhone in a New York drug case  continuing its controversial effort to require Apple and other tech companies to help law enforcement authorities circumvent encryption."
"Apple cannot dodge MobileMedia patent after Federal Circuit remand " "A federal judge has rejected another bid by Apple Inc to get rid of a mobile phone patent that a U.S. appeals court said should not have been knocked out of a lawsuit filed by licensor MobileMedia Ideas LLC."
"GoPro names Apple designer as VP of design " "April 13 Wearable camera maker GoPro Inc  named Apple Inc designer Daniel Coster as vice president of design  effective the end of April."
"GoPro names Apple designer as VP of design " "Wearable camera maker GoPro Inc  named Apple Inc  designer Daniel Coster as vice president of design  effective the end of April."
"Apple  FBI to clash again in Congress over encryption " "WASHINGTON Apple Inc  and the FBI will return to Congress next week to testify before lawmakers about their heated disagreement over law enforcement access to encrypted devices  a congressional committee announced on Thursday."
"Apple  FBI to clash again in Congress over encryption " "WASHINGTON  April 14 Apple Inc and the FBI will return to Congress next week to testify before lawmakers about their heated disagreement over law enforcement access to encrypted devices  a congressional committee announced on Thursday."
"Apple iPhone unlocking maneuver likely to remain secret " "SAN FRANCISCO The company that helped the FBI unlock a San Bernardino shooter's iPhone to get data has sole legal ownership of the method  making it highly unlikely the technique will be disclosed by the government to Apple or any other entity  Obama administration sources said this week."
"Apple to donate a portion of App Sales to support the environment " "Apple Inc  will donate sales of select apps in April to the World Wildlife Fund amid its growing focus on environmental issues  the company announced."
"Apple to donate a portion of App Sales to support the environment " "April 14 Apple Inc will donate sales of select apps in April to the World Wildlife Fund amid its growing focus on environmental issues  the company announced."
"BRIEF-Apple builds team to explore changes to App Store- Bloomberg " "* Apple builds team to explore changes to App Store including new strategy to charge developers to have their apps more prominently displayed- Bloomberg  Source text: (http://bloom.bg/22xUpyu) Further company coverage:    (Bengaluru Newsroom +91 80 6749-1130; within U.S. +1 646 223 8780)"
"BRIEF-Apple Hospitality says merger termination fee $25 mln under agreement " "* Merger agreement provides one party may be required to pay to the other a termination fee of $25 million"
"UPDATE 1-Chip giant TSMC cuts global smartphone outlook  sees post-quake Q2 boost " "* Q1 revenue fell 8.3 pct  net profit down 18 pct   (Recasts  adds Q2 guidance  executives' comments)"
"U.S. agency advises Windows PC users remove Apple's QuickTime over bugs " "BOSTON  April 14 The U.S. government has recommended that Windows PC users uninstall Apple Inc's  QuickTime video player after security software maker Trend Micro Inc said on Thursday it had discovered two new bugs in the software."
"U.S. agency advises Windows PC users remove Apple's QuickTime over bugs " "BOSTON The U.S. government has recommended that Windows PC users uninstall Apple Inc's QuickTime video player after security software maker Trend Micro Inc said on Thursday it had discovered two new bugs in the software."
"Apple  energy shares weigh on Wall Street  but week shows gains " "Wall Street dipped on Friday as oil price declines weighed on energy shares and Apple dragged on the market  but major indexes still posted gains for the week."
"Apple extends iPhone production cut for another quarter: Nikkei " "Apple Inc  will continue its reduced production of iPhones in the quarter ending June in light of sluggish sales  the Nikkei business daily reported  citing parts suppliers notified of the plan."
"Apple extends iPhone production cut for another quarter - Nikkei " "April 15 Apple Inc will continue its reduced production of iPhones in the quarter ending June in light of sluggish sales  the Nikkei business daily reported  citing parts suppliers notified of the plan."
"Apple opposes U.S. appeal over iPhone in New York drug case " "NEW YORK  April 15 Apple Inc argued on Friday that the U.S. Justice Department had failed to substantiate that it needed the company's help to access a locked iPhone in a New York drug case."
"Apple opposes U.S. appeal over iPhone in New York drug case " "NEW YORK/WASHINGTON Apple Inc said the U.S. government had failed to show a continued need for its help accessing a locked iPhone in a New York drug case after a third party came forward with a solution to crack a different phone belonging to one of the shooters in December's San Bernardino killings."
"Apple opposes U.S. appeal over iPhone in New York drug case " "NEW YORK/WASHINGTON Apple Inc said the U.S. government had failed to show a continued need for its help accessing a locked iPhone in a New York drug case after a third party came forward with a solution to crack a different phone belonging to one of the shooters in December's San Bernardino killings."
"BRIEF-Apple will continue reduced production of iPhones in April-June period - Nikkei " "* Apple will continue reduced production of iPhones in the April-June period in light of sluggish sales  according to parts suppliers notified of plan - Nikkei"
"UPDATE 1-Apple opposes U.S. appeal over iPhone in New York drug case " "NEW YORK/WASHINGTON  April 15 Apple Inc  said the U.S. government had failed to show a continued need for its help accessing a locked iPhone in a New York drug case after a third party came forward with a solution to crack a different phone belonging to one of the shooters in December's San Bernardino killings."
"UPDATE 2-Obama urges more consumer choices for cable TV set-top boxes " "WASHINGTON  April 15 The Obama administration on Friday weighed in on the debate over allowing consumers to switch from pricey cable television boxes to less expensive devices  urging regulators to set an example for the rest of government on how to boost competition."
"US STOCKS-Apple  energy shares weigh on Wall St  but week shows gains " "* Indexes down: Dow 0.16 pct  S&P 0.1 pct  Nasdaq 0.16 pct   (Updates with close of U.S. markets)"
"Apple updates MacBook with faster processors " "Apple Inc on Tuesday updated its 12-inch MacBook line of laptops with faster processors  among other features  and made it available in rose gold color."
"BRIEF-Apple hires former tesla engineer Chris Porritt to electric car team- FT " "* Apple hires former Tesla engineer Chris Porritt to electric car team - FT  citing sources  Source : (http://bit.ly/1XHey3R)   (Bengaluru Newsroom +91 80 6749-1130; within U.S. +1 646 223 8780)"
"BRIEF-Apple says updated Macbook with new processors  longer battery life " "* Apple inc says updates Macbook with latest processors  longer battery life & new rose gold finish"
"BRIEF-Marathon Patent Group says Apple to pay $24.9 mln in settlement - sec filing " "* On April 18  2016  Apple  Inc. And Dynamic Advances LLC  unit of Co entered into a settlement agreement"
"CORRECTED-Apple updates MacBook with faster processors " "April 19 Apple Inc on Tuesday updated its 12-inch MacBook line of laptops with faster processors  among other features  and made it available in rose gold color."
"Apple delays quarterly report by a day due to memorial service " "Apple said on Wednesday that it would delay its fiscal second-quarter earnings report by a day to April 26 due to a memorial service for a former board member."
"Apple delays quarterly report by a day due to memorial service " "April 20 Apple said on Wednesday that it would delay its fiscal second-quarter earnings report by a day to April 26 due to a memorial service for a former board member."
"Apple postpones reporting results by a day " "Apple Inc  will report its second-quarter results on April 26  a day later than scheduled  according to the company's website."
"Apple postpones reporting results by a day " "April 20 Apple Inc will report its second-quarter results on April 26  a day later than scheduled  according to the company's website."
"China ban on Apple services is a challenge for key growth area " "April 22 The blocking of Apple mobile entertainment services in China poses fresh challenges for the tech company as it prepares to report its first-ever drop in iPhone sales."
"Taiwan stocks mostly flat to lower; Asia down " "TAIPEI  April 22 Taiwan stocks were mostly flat to lower on Friday on lack of strong cues ahead of the weekend."
"China ban on Apple services is a challenge for key growth area " "The blocking of Apple mobile entertainment services in China poses fresh challenges for the tech company as it prepares to report its first-ever drop in iPhone sales."
"Taiwan stocks fall; Apple suppliers down ahead of iPhone maker's results " "TAIPEI  April 25 Taiwan stocks fell on Monday  tracking other regional bourses lower  with Apple Inc's  suppliers in the spotlight ahead of the iPhone maker's earnings results later this week."
"Apple revenue to shrink but options traders unfazed " "NEW YORK  April 26 Apple Inc on Tuesday is likely to report its first decline in revenue in more than a decade  and analysts expect to hear bad news on iPhone sales  but traders in the options market are not running scared."
"BRIEF-Apple CEO says ""we are in the early innings of the iPhone""- CNBC " "* Apple CEO Tim Cook TO CNBC - ""we are in the early innings of the iPhone""; ""we feel good about CHINA""    Further company coverage:"
"BRIEF-Apple Inc Q2 earnings per share $1.90 " "* Board has authorized an increase of $50 billion to the company's program to return capital to shareholders"
"FBI director suggests iPhone flaw may remain secret " "WASHINGTON  April 26 FBI Director James Comey said on Tuesday that his agency was still assessing whether a vulnerability used to unlock an iPhone linked to one of the San Bernardino killers would go through a government review to determine if it should be disclosed to Apple or the public."
"US STOCKS-S&P500 index buoyed by commodity sectors; Apple drags futures lower " "* Dow up 0.07 pct  S&P up 0.19 pct  Nasdaq down 0.15 pct   (Updates volume  adds Apple  Twitter earnings)"
"After massive drop  is Apple cheap enough? " "NEW YORK If Apple  could cash in the value it lost in the first minute of trading on Wednesday  it would be nearly enough to buy General Motors  Target or Caterpillar. | Video "
"Amid talk of 'peak iPhone'  Apple's prospects hinge on next model " "Ask Siri if iPhone 7 will be the answer to Apple Inc's  problems  and you're told that a visit to Apple's website should  answer that question ""and more""."
"ANALYSIS-After massive drop  is Apple cheap enough? " "NEW YORK  April 27 If Apple could cash in the value it lost in the first minute of trading on Wednesday  it would be nearly enough to buy General Motors  Target or Caterpillar."
"GLOBAL MARKETS-U.S. stocks rise  bond yields fall  oil hits 2016 high after Fed statement " "* Oil at 2106 highs despite rise in inventories   (Updates data  prices  adds quote)"
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Wall St stocks steady  bond yields fall  oil hits 2016 high after Fed " "* Oil near highs as Fed hold indicates weaker dollar   (Updates data  prices  adds details of Fed statement)"
"GLOBAL MARKETS-World stocks  US dollar down as markets await Fed " "* Oil up at highs on weak dollar; EIA survey trims gains   (Updates data  prices)"
"Social media users upbeat on Facebook; gloomy on Apple  Twitter " "April 27 Social media sentiment for Apple Inc  and Twitter Inc dropped sharply on Wednesday  a day after the companies reported disappointing quarterly earnings  while online circles remained confident about Facebook Inc  which is scheduled to post results after the market closes."
"Social media users upbeat on Facebook; gloomy on Apple  Twitter " "Social media sentiment for Apple Inc  and Twitter Inc  dropped sharply on Wednesday  a day after the companies reported disappointing quarterly earnings  while online circles remained confident about Facebook Inc   which is scheduled to post results after the market closes."
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall St up after Fed fears ebb; Apple slumps " "NEW YORK  April 27 U.S. stocks ended slightly higher on Wednesday after fears eased that the Federal Reserve would strongly signal it would raise interest rates in June  though a slump in Apple shares weighed on the Nasdaq index."
"US STOCKS-Wall St off its lows 30 minutes before Fed decision " "* Dow up 0.12 pct  S&P down 0.1 pct  Nasdaq down 0.86 pct   (Changes comment  updates prices)"
"Apple chipmaker NXP looks to autos to outpace rivals' growth " "FRANKFURT Chipmaker NXP Semiconductors  the world's top manufacturer of electronics in cars and a producer of chips used in Apple iPhones  gave an upbeat outlook for its growth prospects on Thursday."
"BRIEF-Apple files for debt shelf offering; size undisclosed " "* Files for debt shelf offering ; size undisclosed  Source (http://bit.ly/1N44EJc) Further company coverage:"
"Carl Icahn says sold entire Apple stake - CNBC " "NEW YORK  April 28 Billionaire activist investor Carl Icahn said Thursday he had sold his entire stake in Apple Inc  citing the risk of China's influence on the stock."
"Facebook in class of its own as ad revenue soars " "After underwhelming results from Apple Inc  Google Inc and other big tech names  investors finally found a friend in Facebook Inc after the company shredded Wall Street's forecasts for revenue  profit and user growth."
"Taiwan stocks down; Apple suppliers mostly extend fall " "TAIPEI  April 28 Taiwan stocks fell on Thursday as Apple Inc's suppliers mostly fell for the second day after the iPhone maker's first-ever fall in smartphone sales wiped off about $36 billion in market value  evoking talk of ""peak iPhone""."
"UPDATE 1-Apple chipmaker NXP looks to autos to outpace rivals' growth " "* Shares rise 1.2 pct outperforming sector   (Releads  adds CFO comment  details on markets  share rise)"
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall St drops after BOJ decision; Apple weighs " "NEW YORK  April 28 U.S. stocks closed down on Thursday as the Bank of Japan's shocking call to cap monetary stimulus continued to rattle investors while a late day decline in Apple shares on remarks from billionaire investor Carl Icahn added to selling pressure."
"US STOCKS-Wall St flounders on BOJ fears as Facebook  M&A boosts wane " "* Dow down 1.2 pct  S&P down 1 pct  Nasdaq down 1.2 pct   (Updates to afternoon)"
"Volkswagen says not in talks with Apple or Google " "WOLFSBURG  Germany April 28 Volkswagen  Chief Executive Matthias Mueller said the carmaker is in talks with external partners to start new digital mobility businesses but added these talks do not involve Apple  or Google."
"Volkswagen says not in talks with Apple or Google " "WOLFSBURG  Germany Volkswagen  Chief Executive Matthias Mueller said the carmaker is in talks with external partners to start new digital mobility businesses but added these talks do not involve Apple  or Google ."
"Apple employee died of self-inflicted gunshot wound: police " "The Apple Inc  employee found dead at the company's California headquarters committed suicide  dying of a self-inflicted gunshot to the head  police said on Thursday."
"Apple's stock suffers worst week since 2013 " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc on Friday ended its worst week on the stock market since 2013 as worries festered about a slowdown in iPhone sales and after influential shareholder Carl Icahn revealed he sold his entire stake."
"Carl Icahn says he sold entire Apple stake on China woes: CNBC " "NEW YORK Billionaire activist investor Carl Icahn said Thursday he had sold his entire stake in Apple Inc   citing the risk of China's influence on the stock."
"Yen posts biggest weekly gain since 2008  stocks slip " "NEW YORK The yen hit an 18-month high on Friday as investors bet the Bank of Japan might be done adding stimulus to the economy  while stocks in Europe and on Wall Street headed lower as earnings disappointed."
"BRIEF-Apple CEO on CNBC- believe company is undervalued " "* Apple ceo on CNBC: We believe the company is undervalued    (Bengaluru Newsroom +91 80 6749-1130; within U.S. +1 646 223 8780)"
"Apple loses China trademark case for 'iPhone' on leather goods " "Apple Inc has lost a battle for the use of the ""iPhone"" trademark on leather goods in China after a Beijing court ruled against the world's biggest technology company in favour of a local firm  state media reported."
"Dialog cuts outlook as soft smartphone market bites " "FRANKFURT Dialog Semiconductor   the maker of chips used in Apple  and Samsung Electronics  smartphones  cut its revenue outlook and first-quarter earnings dropped as a result of ongoing softness in the smartphone market."
"Dialog Q1 adj EBIT drops 58 pct as soft smartphone market bites " "FRANKFURT  May 4 Dialog Semiconductor  the maker of chips used in Apple and Samsung Electronics smartphones  on Wednesday reported a 58-percent drop in underlying operating profit as a result of ongoing softness in the smartphone market."
"Apple begins campaign to save patent in Samsung dispute " "The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office canceled Apple Inc's ""pinch-to-zoom"" patent because of a flawed interpretation of the technology  the iPhone maker has told a U.S. appeals court."
"Apple loses China trademark case for 'iPhone' on leather goods " "BEIJING Apple Inc has lost a battle for the use of the ""iPhone"" trademark on leather goods in China after a Beijing court ruled against the world's biggest technology company in favor of a local firm  state media reported. | Video "
"BRIEF-Apple partners with SAP for apps to run SAP's business planning software on smartphones  tablets " "* Apple to partner with SAP to develop apps that run SAP's business planning software on smartphones and tablets  Further company coverage:"
"SAP teams up with Apple to bring SAP's HANA to iOS " "Apple Inc is taking another step into the corporate computing world by partnering with SAP to develop apps that run the German company's widely used business software on smartphones and tablets  the two companies said on Thursday."
"Exclusive: Apple's Tim Cook to visit China for government meetings - source " "BEIJING Apple Inc  Chief Executive Tim Cook plans to visit Beijing later this month to meet high-level government officials  at a time when it is facing some setbacks in its  most important overseas market  a source familiar with the matter said. | Video "
"BRIEF-Smartphone shipments by Apple and Samsung Electronics likely will shrink for the first time in 2016 - Nikkei " "* smartphone shipments by Apple and Samsung Electronics likely will shrink for the first time in 2016 - Nikkei"
"Spotify says growth has quickened since Apple Music's launch " "STOCKHOLM Music streaming service Spotify has seen a faster pace of growth since the launch in June last year of rival Apple Music   a top executive said on Monday."
"U.S. companies brighten their earnings outlook " "NEW YORK  May 9 The profit recession that has weighed on large-cap stocks on Wall Street for the past three quarters may be loosening its grip as U.S. companies allow a hint of blue sky to poke through the gloom."
"BRIEF-Apple pay now available to Canadian Mastercard cardholders " "May 10 Mastercard Inc : * Apple pay now available to Canadian Mastercard cardholders Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:    ) "
"Japan Display warns of bigger year-on-year loss on slow iPhone sales " "TOKYO Apple Inc  supplier Japan Display Inc  warned on Tuesday of a bigger loss in the just-ended business year compared to the previous year as sluggish demand for iPhones dragged down sales of its display panels."
"Japan Display warns of bigger year-on-year loss on slow iPhone sales " "TOKYO  May 10 Apple Inc supplier Japan Display Inc warned on Tuesday of a bigger loss in the just-ended business year compared to the previous year as sluggish demand for iPhones dragged down sales of its display panels."
"Apple falls below $90 as iPhone worries fester " "SAN FRANCISCO Shares of Apple dropped below $90 on Thursday for the first time since 2014 as Wall Street worried about slow demand ahead of the anticipated launch of a new iPhone later this year."
"Apple slide drags on Wall Street; yen weakens " "NEW YORK The yen lost ground against the U.S. dollar on Thursday amid speculation Japan could expand its monetary stimulus soon  while a drop in Apple shares dragged the Nasdaq lower in a volatile trading day."
"CORRECTED-Apple falls below $90 as iPhone worries fester " "SAN FRANCISCO  May 12 Shares of Apple  dropped below $90 on Thursday for the first time since 2014 as Wall Street worried about slow demand ahead of the anticipated launch of a new iPhone later this year."
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Wall St choppy as Apple drags; yen slides " "* U.S. crude settles higher  touches six-month high   (Updates with afternoon trading)"
"UPDATE 1-Apple falls below $90 as iPhone worries fester " "SAN FRANCISCO  May 12 Shares of Apple  dropped below $90 on Thursday for the first time since 2014 as Wall Street worried about slow demand ahead of the anticipated launch of a new iPhone later this year."
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-S&P breaks even despite Apple slide " "NEW YORK  May 12 The S&P 500 ended flat on Thursday  with gains in Microsoft  Monsanto and Exxon offsetting a tumble in Apple to a two-year low  but the Nasdaq fell  weighed by the iPhone maker."
"US STOCKS-Wall Street mixed as Apple tumbles to two-year low " "* Indexes end: Dow +0.05 pct  S&P -0.02 pct  Nasdaq -0.49 pct   (Updates to close)"
"US STOCKS-Wall Street rises  shrugging off tumble in Apple shares " "* Indexes mixed: Dow +0.19 pct  S&P +0.10 pct  Nasdaq -0.36 pct   (Updates to afternoon)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St slumps as Apple sinks to two-year low " "* Indexes down: Dow 0.31 pct  S&P 0.44 pct  Nasdaq 1 pct   (Updates to early afternoon)"
"Wall Street mixed as Apple tumbles to two-year low " "U.S. stocks ended mixed on Thursday  with gains in telecommunications and consumer staples helping make up for a tumble in Apple to a two-year low. | Video "
"Apple  Chinese rideshare deal heats up race for tech-smart cars " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc's  $1 billion investment in Chinese ride sharing company Didi Chuxing intensifies a race to acquire technology  talent and market access in a rapidly evolving global personal transportation market. | Video "
"Apple  Chinese rideshare deal heats up race for tech-smart cars " "SAN FRANCISCO  May 13 Apple Inc's $1 billion investment in Chinese ride sharing company Didi Chuxing intensifies a race to acquire technology  talent and market access in a rapidly evolving global personal transportation market."
"Apple invests $1 billion in Chinese ride-hailing service Didi Chuxing " "Apple Inc  said on Thursday it has invested $1 billion in Chinese ride-hailing service Didi Chuxing  a move that Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook said would help the company better understand the critical Chinese market. | Video "
"BRIEF-Appaloosa LP dissolves share stake in Apple  Hewlett Packard Enterprise " "* Appaloosa LP dissolves share stake in Apple Inc  Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co  Mylan N V   EQT Corp  Chicago Bridge & Iron Co N V"
"Dalio's Bridgewater Associates dumps Amazon.com  Coca-Cola -filing " "New York  May 13 Ray Dalio's Bridgewater Associates hedge fund firm sold off its stakes in Amazon.com Inc   Coca-Cola Inc  and Gap Inc during the first quarter and added new stakes in Alphabet Inc and McDonald's Corp  according to the latest regulatory filings."
"Dalio's Bridgewater Associates dumps Amazon.com  Coca-Cola: filing " "New York Ray Dalio's Bridgewater Associates hedge fund firm sold off its stakes in Amazon.com Inc  Coca-Cola Inc  and Gap Inc during the first quarter and added new stakes in Alphabet Inc and McDonald's Corp  according to the latest regulatory filings."
"European Factors to Watch-Shares seen down slightly " "MILAN  May 13 European shares were seen opening slightly lower on Friday."
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Asia shares slip  yen hovers near 2-wk low on BOJ stimulus expectations " "TOKYO/SINGAPORE  May 13 Asian shares fell on Friday after a rocky performance on Wall Street  while the yen hovered near two-week lows as traders wagered the Bank of Japan will add to its massive stimulus before too long."
"UPDATE 2-Apple invests $1 bln in Chinese ride-hailing service Didi Chuxing " "* Apple CEO says deal will help company better understand China"
"Apple's Cook to visit India this week  to meet Modi: sources " "MUMBAI/NEW DELHI Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook will visit India this week and meet Prime Minister Narendra Modi on the second leg of his Asian tour  two sources familiar with the matter said  as the company seeks to revive sluggish iPhone sales."
"BRIEF-Carl Icahn dissolves in Apple  ups in AIG " "* Carl Icahn Ups Share Stake In Aig By 5.2 Pct To 44.4 Mln Shares"
"BRIEF-Greenlight Capital ups share stake in Apple Inc  GM " "* Greenlight Capital Inc Raises Share Stake In Apple Inc By 30.7 Pct To 8.2 Mln Shares - Sec filing"
"BRIEF-Omega Advisors takes share stake of 227 000 shares in Apple - SEC filing " "* Takes share stake of 227 000 shares in Apple Inc - SEC filing"
"REFILE-BRIEF-Tiger Global Management cuts share stake in Apple  Mastercard " "* Tiger Global Management cuts share stake in Apple Inc by 46.6 percent to 5.66 million shares - Sec filing"
"US STOCKS-Apple  energy shares shine as Wall St rallies " "* Indexes up: Dow 1 pct  S&P 0.98 pct  Nasdaq 1.22 pct   (Updates with close of U.S. markets)"
"US STOCKS-Oil  Apple push Wall St higher " "* Indexes up: Dow 0.33 pct  S&P 0.31 pct  Nasdaq 0.41 pct   (Updates to open)"
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall St rallies on Apple  energy boost " "NEW YORK  May 16 Wall Street rallied sharply on Monday  juiced by a jump in Apple shares and gains from energy stocks that were backed by stronger oil prices."
"US STOCKS-Wall St rises as Apple  energy stocks drive gains " "* Indexes up: Dow 0.80 pct  S&P 0.78 pct  Nasdaq 1 pct   (Updates to early afternoon)"
"Apple boss Cook to tap Indian software talent during maiden visit " "MUMBAI/NEW DELHI  May 17 Apple Inc is set to announce plans to expand its Indian software development centre and build an accelerator programme for local start-ups  two sources aware of the investment said on Tuesday  hours before Chief Executive Tim Cook's maiden visit."
"COLUMN-Buffett shows we are all tech investors now: James Saft " "May 17 Warren Buffett's stake in Apple illustrates not just how the two principals have changed  but  rather  how the world has changed."
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks rally as Buffett bites into Apple  oil eyes $50 " "LONDON  May 17 World shares rose on Tuesday as technology giant Apple Inc's biggest rise in over two months and oil's march higher to near $50 a barrel boosted investor demand for riskier assets at the expense of safe-haven bonds."
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks rally as Buffett boosts Apple  oil eyes $50 " "LONDON  May 17 World shares rose on Tuesday as technology giant Apple Inc's biggest rise in over two months and oil's march higher to within sight of $50 a barrel boosted investor demand for riskier assets at the expense of safe-haven bonds."
"Nikkei rises as strong Wall St  weak yen lift sentiment " "TOKYO  May 17 Japan's Nikkei share average rose on Tuesday  with a strong performance on Wall Street  higher oil prices and a weaker yen boosting investor sentiment."
"Rate hike concern weighs on stocks; crude oil up " "NEW YORK A global gauge of stocks fell on Tuesday  weighed down by Wall Street on concerns that strong U.S. inflation data could bring  closer an expected rate hike from the Federal Reserve."
"REFILE-GLOBAL MARKETS-Asian shares recover after Apple  oil boost Wall St " "* Apple shares halt slide after Buffett's ownership disclosure"
"RPT-COLUMN-Buffett shows we are all tech investors now: James Saft " "May 17 Warren Buffett's stake in Apple illustrates not just how the two principals have changed  but  rather  how the world has changed."
"RPT-GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks rally as Buffett boosts Apple  oil eyes $50 " "LONDON  May 17 World shares rose on Tuesday as technology giant Apple Inc's biggest rise in over two months and oil's march higher to within sight of $50 a barrel boosted investor demand for riskier assets at the expense of safe-haven bonds."
"Apple boss Cook to tap Indian software talent during maiden visit " "MUMBAI/NEW DELHI Apple Inc will set up a software laboratory in India to help Indian startups and developers working on the company's iOS platform  Apple said hours after Chief Executive Tim Cook began his first official visit to the country."
"BRIEF-Apple announces new ios app design and development accelerator in Bengaluru " "* Apple announces new ios app design and development accelerator in Bengaluru"
"Taiwan stocks track overseas markets lower  may breach key 8 000 level " "TAIPEI  May 18 Taiwan stocks fell on Wednesday  giving up gains from the previous session as they tracked losses in overseas markets amid uncertainty over the island's economic outlook  traders said."
"UPDATE 1-Apple boss Cook to tap Indian software talent during maiden visit " "* Cook to meet PM Modi later and will discuss plans to open stores"
"Apple unveils new store design in San Francisco " "May 19 Apple Inc unveiled a new vision for its hugely successful retail stores on Thursday  aiming to give shoppers the experience of setting foot in the headquarters of the company credited with inventing the smartphone."
"BRIEF-Apple will change iPhone casings to glass in 2017  according to Catcher Technology CEO - Nikkei " "* Apple will change iPhone casings from metal to glass in 2017  according to Catcher Technology CEO - Nikkei  Source text http://s.nikkei.com/1VbgnHT Further company coverage:"
"In meeting with Apple's Cook  China regulator stresses security " "BEIJING  May 19 The head of China's industry and technology regulator stressed Chinese users' security in a meeting with Apple Inc's chief executive in Beijing  as the U.S. tech titan stumbles in its biggest offshore market."
"In meeting with Apple's Cook  China regulator stresses security " "BEIJING The head of China's industry and technology regulator stressed Chinese users' security in a meeting with Apple Inc's  chief executive in Beijing  as the U.S. tech titan stumbles in its biggest offshore market."
"Apple boss to meet India's Modi and his gold iPhone " "MUMBAI  May 20 When Apple Inc CEO Tim Cook meets Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi this weekend as part of an Asian tour aimed at boosting sales  he will sit down with a man whose penchant for a selfie - often using his gold iPhone - can get him into trouble."
"Apple unveils new store design in San Francisco " "Apple Inc unveiled a new vision for its hugely successful retail stores on Thursday  aiming to give shoppers the experience of setting foot in the headquarters of the company credited with inventing the smartphone."
"Samsung to partner with Alibaba affiliate on mobile payments in China " "SEOUL Samsung Electronics said it had struck a deal with an Alibaba Group Holding affiliate for owners of its phones to be able to more easily make payments with Alipay accounts - a move it hopes will boost sales in the world's biggest smartphone market."
"Apple boss Cook meets PM Modi to plot India strategy " "NEW DELHI/MUMBAI  May 21 Apple Inc  chief Tim Cook met Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday  concluding a four-day trip to India that could set the stage for Apple's expansion plans in one of the world's fastest growing smartphone markets."
"Apple boss to meet India's Modi and his gold iPhone " "MUMBAI When Apple Inc CEO Tim Cook meets Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi this weekend as part of an Asian tour aimed at boosting sales  he will sit down with a man whose penchant for a selfie - often using his gold iPhone - can get him into trouble. | Video "
"Apple rehires prominent security pro as encryption fight boils " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc   which has resisted pressure from U.S. law enforcement to unlock encrypted iPhones  this month rehired a top expert in practical cryptography to bring more powerful security features to a wide range of consumer products."
"Apple rehires prominent security pro as encryption fight boils " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc  which has resisted pressure from U.S. law enforcement to unlock encrypted iPhones  this month rehired a top expert in practical cryptography to bring more powerful security features to a wide range of consumer products."
"Apple rehires prominent security pro as encryption fight boils " "SAN FRANCISCO  May 24 Apple Inc  which has resisted pressure from U.S. law enforcement to unlock encrypted iPhones  this month rehired a top expert in practical cryptography to bring more powerful security features to a wide range of consumer products."
"More challenges than cheer for Apple chief on Asia tour " "* Challenge of being high-end phone seller in low-income market"
"More challenges than cheer for Apple chief on Asia tour " "MUMBAI/BEIJING With slowing iPhone sales in China  Apple Inc  is having to take India more seriously  but investors hoping for a stock price fillip from CEO Tim Cook's week-long Asia trip instead were given a taste of the daunting challenges that lie ahead."
"BRIEF-India's finance minister ratified decision that Apple must meet local sourcing rules to open its own stores - Bloomberg " "* India's finance minister ratified decision that Apple  must meet local sourcing rules to open its own stores - Bloomberg  citing sources"
"India says Apple must sell locally-sourced goods to set up stores: source " "NEW DELHI India has said Apple Inc must meet a rule obliging foreign retailers to sell at least 30 percent locally-sourced goods if it wishes to open stores in the country  a senior government official told Reuters."
"India says Apple must sell locally-sourced goods to set up stores-source " "NEW DELHI  May 25 India has said Apple Inc  must meet a rule obliging foreign retailers to sell at least 30 percent locally-sourced goods if it wishes to open stores in the country  a senior government official told Reuters."
"Toyota  Uber latest to join forces in ride-hailing rush " "SAN FRANCISCO Toyota Motor Corp  said on Tuesday it would invest in on-demand ride-hailing company Uber  the latest in a wave of high-profile moves by automakers to embrace their potential upstart rivals as partners  customers and sources of valuable data. | Video "
"UPDATE 3-Toyota  Uber latest to join forces in ride-hailing rush " "* Toyota to invest in ride-hailing company  collaborate in future"
"Exclusive: Apple explores charging stations for electric vehicles " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc  is investigating how to charge electric cars  talking to charging station companies and hiring engineers with expertise in the area  according to people familiar with the matter and a review of LinkedIn profiles."
"Indian minister: discussing Apple's request for FDI rules waiver " "NEW DELHI The Indian government on Monday said it was discussing Apple Inc's foreign direct investment application that seeks a waiver from a local sourcing rule."
"UPDATE 1-Indian minister: discussing Apple's request for FDI rules waiver " "NEW DELHI  May 30 The Indian government on Monday said it was discussing Apple Inc's foreign direct investment application that seeks a waiver from a local sourcing rule."
"Apple hires banks for potential Kangaroo bonds " "SYDNEY  June 1 (IFR) - Apple Inc  rated Aa1/AA+ (Moody's/S&P)  has mandated Deutsche Bank  Goldman Sachs and ANZ for a potential issue of Kangaroo bonds under the computer giant's Australian dollar debt issuance programme."
"Apple plans to sell $1 billion of 30-year bonds in Taiwan - sources " "TAIPEI Apple Inc plans to issue bonds in Taiwan for the first time with the aim of raising $1 billion  sources familiar with the matter said  joining a queue of big global names that have sold billions of dollars on the island's busy debt market."
"Apple plans to sell $1 bln of 30-yr bonds in Taiwan -sources " "TAIPEI  June 1 Apple Inc for the first time is planning to issue bonds in Taiwan  home to its supply chain  with the goal of raising $1 billion in funds  sources familiar with the matter told Reuters Wednesday."
"Deals of the day- Mergers and acquisitions " "June 1 The following bids  mergers  acquisitions and disposals were reported by 1400 GMT on Wednesday:"
"Early days  but Apple Pay struggles outside U.S. " "June 2 More than 18 months after Apple Pay took the United States by storm  the smartphone giant has made only a small dent in the global payments market  snagged by technical challenges  low consumer take-up and resistance from banks."
"Taiwanese regulators clear Foxconn purchase of Sharp " "TAIPEI  June 1 Taiwanese regulators have cleared Foxconn's $3.5 billion acquisition of Sharp Corp.  paving the way for the world's largest electronics manufacturer and major Apple Inc supplier to begin the task of trying to turn around the Japanese display maker in the face of slowing smartphone sales."
"Taiwanese regulators clear Foxconn purchase of Sharp " "TAIPEI Taiwanese regulators have cleared Foxconn's $3.5 billion acquisition of Sharp Corp.  paving the way for the world's largest electronics manufacturer and major Apple Inc supplier to begin the task of trying to turn around the Japanese display maker in the face of slowing smartphone sales."
"UPDATE 2-Apple plans to sell $1 bln of 30-yr bonds in Taiwan -sources " "* Apple to issue dlr debt in Taiwan for the first time - sources"
"Early days  but Apple Pay struggles outside U.S. " "More than 18 months after Apple Pay took the United States by storm  the smartphone giant has made only a small dent in the global payments market  snagged by technical challenges  low consumer take-up and resistance from banks."
"Apple nets A$1.425bn from three-tranche Kangaroo " "SYDNEY  June 3 (IFR) - US tech giant Apple has raised a combined A$1.425 billion ($1.03 billion) from today's three-tranche sale of fixed-rate Kangaroo bonds."
"Apple says all services resume after outage " "Apple Inc said all its services  including the popular App Store  have resumed following an outage that started late afternoon on Thursday."
"Apple's designs not worth $399 mln  Samsung tells Supreme Court " "Samsung should not have to hand over to Apple all of its profits from the sale of devices that infringe a patent that only protects the way the iPhone looks  the South Korean electronics manufacturer told the U.S. Supreme Court on Wednesday."
"UPDATE 2-Tiger Global climbs in May  other funds post gains as well " "BOSTON  June 3 Investment firm Tiger Global  known for making big bets on technology companies  told clients on Thursday that its hedge fund climbed 2.3 percent last month  helping shrink its year-to-date losses  a source familiar with the numbers said."
"UPDATE 4-Apple says all services resume after outage " "June 3 Apple Inc said all its services  including the popular App Store  have resumed following an outage that started late afternoon on Thursday."
"No cola bears in Kangaroo market  as blue chips head Down Under " "SYDNEY  June 6 (IFR) - Two blue-chip offerings last week showed that the Australian bond market is becoming increasingly relevant as an alternative source of funding for the world's best-known companies."
"Apple sells 30-year bond in Taiwan at 4.15 percent yield - sources " "TAIPEI Apple Inc sold a 30-year U.S. dollar bond in Taiwan at a yield of 4.15 percent  sources said on Tuesday  aiming to raise between $1 billion and $1.2 billion in the first issue of debt by the U.S. technology giant on the island that is home to major players in its supply chain."
"BRIEF-Apple files for potential notes offering " "* Files for potential notes offering  size not disclosed - SEC filing  Source text: (http://1.usa.gov/1WCYXoN) Further company coverage:    (Bengaluru Newsroom: +1-646-223-8780)"
"UPDATE 1-Apple sells 30-year bond in Taiwan at 4.15 pct yield -sources " "* Subscription rates couldn't immediately be determined   (Adds Cathay Financial comment  details)"
"Apple raises $1.38 bln in bond for June 22 Taiwan listing -exchange " "TAIPEI  June 8 Apple Inc has raised $1.38 billion in its first bond sale in Taiwan  almost 40 percent more than initially expected on an island that is home to the U.S. technology firm's vast supply chain."
"Congress scrutinizes pay TV billing  competitive practices " "WASHINGTON  June 9 A U.S. Senate panel disclosed Thursday it is investigating pay TV competition and customer service issues and will call executives from top cable and satellite providers to testify."
"UPDATE 1-U.S. Congress scrutinizes pay TV billing  competitive practices " "WASHINGTON  June 9 A U.S. Senate panel disclosed Thursday it is investigating pay TV competition and customer service issues and will call executives from top cable and satellite providers to testify."
"U.S. Congress scrutinizes pay TV billing  competitive practices " "WASHINGTON A U.S. Senate panel disclosed Thursday it is investigating pay TV competition and customer service issues and will call executives from top cable and satellite providers to testify."
"BRIEF-Intel said to get chip order from Apple - StreetInsider  citing Bloomberg " "* Intel said to get chip order from Apple - StreetInsider  citing Bloomberg  Source text - (http://bit.ly/1U50vrh) Further company coverage:    (Bengaluru Newsroom)"
"Exclusive: Amazon is preparing to launch streaming music service - sources " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc is preparing to launch a standalone music streaming subscription service  placing it squarely in competition with rival offerings from Apple Inc and Spotify  according to two people with knowledge of the matter."
"Government partially backs Samsung argument in Apple patent fight " "Weighing in on Samsung's fight with Apple at the U.S. Supreme Court  the federal government said on Wednesday that Samsung's reasons for complaining it paid too much for infringing Apple's iPhone design patents are valid  but go one step too far."
"Intel gets mobile chip contract from Apple - Bloomberg " "June 10 Apple Inc's next iPhone will use modems chips from Intel Corp  replacing those made by Qualcomm Inc in some versions of the new smartphone  Bloomberg reported  citing people familiar with the matter."
"Apple expected to showcase new powers for Siri at developer event " "June 13 Apple Inc is expected to show off new abilities for its Siri digital assistant on Monday by debuting tools to let developers work with the company's artificial intelligence."
"China's Uber rival Didi Chuxing raises $600 million from China Life Insurance " "Chinese car-hailing app Didi Chuxing said on Monday it had received an investment of about $600 million from China Life Insurance Co Ltd  boosting resources to fund its battle with Uber just a month after it raised $1 billion from Apple Inc."
"UPDATE 1-China's Uber rival Didi Chuxing raises $600 mln from China Life Insurance " "* Battle with Uber for control of China ride-failing market   (Adds details of deal  industry context)"
"UPDATE 3-Hail a ride hands-free: Apple opens Siri to outside developers " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 13 Apple Inc is opening its popular Siri digital assistant to outside developers  which means iPhone users could soon be able to hail rides with Uber  publish photos on Shutterfly or make a call on Skype with voice commands."
"US STOCKS-Wall St sags for third straight session as tech weighs " "* Indexes down: Dow 0.44 pct  S&P 0.49 pct  Nasdaq 0.66 pct   (Updates to late afternoon)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St slides for third straight session; big tech drags " "* Indexes down: Dow 0.74 pct  S&P 0.81 pct  Nasdaq 0.94 pct   (Updates with close of U.S. market)"
"Hail a ride hands-free: Apple opens Siri to outside developers " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc is opening its popular Siri digital assistant to outside developers  which means iPhone users could soon be able to hail rides with Uber  publish photos on Shutterfly or make a call on Skype with voice commands."
"Morning News Call - India  June 14 " "To access the newsletter  click on the link:     http://share.thomsonreuters.com/assets/newsletters/Indiamorning/MNC_IN_06142016.pdf               FACTORS TO WATCH     10:00 am: Road Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari to speak at a seminar in New Delhi.     12:00 pm: Government to release May wholesale price inflation data in New Delhi.           LIVECHAT - FOMC PREVIEW with Sean Maloney  Chief Economist and Strategist  Finconomics     The Fed seems to be in a catch-22 situation. Yellen and co. ha"
"Pointing to invalidations  Apple asks for delay in Smartflash appeal " "Apple Inc has asked a federal appeals court to postpone oral arguments in its appeal of a $533 million verdict for infringing licensor Smartflash LLC's patents until that company appeals a series of rulings by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office invalidating each of the patent claims in the case."
"BRIEF-Despite report saying iPhone sales halted in Beijing  all Apple products are for sale right now in China - CNBC " "* Despite report saying iPhone sales halted in Beijing  all Apple products are for sale right now in China - CNBC citing sources  Further company coverage:    (Bengaluru Newsroom: +1 646 223 8780)"
"BRIEF-Samsung to increase OLED displays production with eye toward supplying Apple  others - Nikkei " "* Samsung plans to increase production of smartphone display panels by more than 50 pct this year with eye toward supplying Apple  others - Nikkei"
"U.S. cable industry proposes allowing consumers to scrap set-top boxes " "WASHINGTON  June 17 The U.S. pay-TV industry proposed a plan to allow more than 50 million subscribers to ditch costly set-top boxes to get television and video programs to try and convince federal regulators to abandon more far-reaching reforms."
"U.S. cable industry proposes allowing consumers to scrap set-top boxes " "WASHINGTON The U.S. pay-TV industry proposed a plan to allow more than 50 million subscribers to ditch costly set-top boxes to get television and video programs to try and convince federal regulators to abandon more far-reaching reforms."
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Apple drags Wall St lower; Brexit angst lingers " "NEW YORK  June 17 Wall Street ended lower on Friday as Apple dragged down major indexes and investors girded for Britain's vote next week on its European Union membership."
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall St opens lower as Apple falls " "June 17 U.S. stocks opened lower on Friday  dragged down by Apple and developments around the impending vote on Britain exiting the European Union."
"US STOCKS-Wall St drops as Apple weighs  Brexit vote looms " "* Indexes down: Dow 0.28 pct  S&P 0.3 pct  Nasdaq 0.77 pct   (Updates to late afternoon)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St ends week on down note as Apple weighs " "* Indexes down: Dow 0.33 pct  S&P 0.33 pct  Nasdaq 0.92 pct   (Updates to close of U.S. market)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St treads lower as technology stocks weigh " "* Indexes down: Dow 0.44 pct  S&P 0.46 pct  Nasdaq 0.87 pct   (Updates to early afternoon)"
"Wall St. ends week on down note as Apple weighs " "Wall Street ended lower on Friday as Apple dragged down major indexes and investors girded for Britain's vote next week on its European Union membership. | Video "
"Apple to lose weighting in Russell index  shares could fall " "NEW YORK After dropping more than $200 billion in market capitalization in one year  Apple shares could fall further as they are set to lose their weighting and be reclassified in the annual reconstitution of the widely followed Russell indexes."
"Apple to lose weighting in Russell index  shares could fall " "NEW YORK  June 20 After dropping more than $200 billion in market capitalization in one year  Apple shares could fall further as they are set to lose their weighting and be reclassified in the annual reconstitution of the widely followed Russell indexes."
"India opens the door for Apple retail with new foreign investment rules " "* Foreign retailers exempt from 30 pct local sourcing for 3 yrs"
"India opens the door for Apple retail with new foreign investment rules " "MUMBAI Apple Inc could open its first stores in India and might eventually start manufacturing in the country under new foreign investment rules for retailers outlined on Monday."
"BRIEF-Apple unlikely to make big changes for next iPhone- WSJ " "* Apple unlikely to make big changes for next iPhone- WSJ  citing sources"
"Indian shares fall on profit-booking " "June 21 Indian shares edged down on Tuesday as investors booked profit after a rally in the previous session  even as sentiment was supported by growing expectations that Britons will vote to remain in the European Union in this week's referendum."
"Morning News Call - India  June 21 " "To access the newsletter  click on the link:    http://share.thomsonreuters.com/assets/newsletters/Indiamorning/MNC_IN_06212016.pdf               FACTORS TO WATCH     11:30 am: Finance Minister Arun Jaitley at an event in New Delhi.     11:30 am: India Ratings holds a media round table after releasing report on 'Refinancing Risk: Top 500 Corporate Borrowers' in Mumbai.          TRADING INDIA FORUM with Mohan Guruswamy Mohan Guruswamy heads the Centre of Policy Alternatives  New Delhi  an indepen"
"UPDATE 1-Morning News Call - India  June 21 " "(Updates Thomson Reuters/INSEAD survey timings and day of release. Adds GMF ASIA LIVECHAT with Michael Every.) To access the newsletter  click on the link:    http://share.thomsonreuters.com/assets/newsletters/Indiamorning/MNC_IN_06212016.pdf               FACTORS TO WATCH     11:30 am: Finance Minister Arun Jaitley at an event in New Delhi.     11:30 am: India Ratings holds a media round table after releasing report on 'Refinancing Risk: Top 500 Corporate Borrowers' in Mumbai.          TRADI"
"BRIEF-Apple consummates issuance  sale of $1.4 bln aggregate principal amount of 4.15% notes due 2046 " "* On June 22  consummated issuance and sale of $1.4 billion aggregate principal amount of its 4.15% notes due 2046 - SEC filing"
"Foxconn to close some of Sharp's overseas ops  hasten patents to market " "TAIPEI Foxconn plans to close costly and redundant overseas operations of new acquisition Sharp Corp  and bring to market products using Sharp's valuable patents and technology as quickly as possible  said the chief of the world's largest electronics manufacturer."
"Foxconn to close some of Sharp's overseas ops  hasten patents to market " "TAIPEI  June 22 Foxconn plans to close costly and redundant overseas operations of new acquisition Sharp Corp   and bring to market products using Sharp's valuable patents and technology as quickly as possible  said the chief of the world's largest electronics manufacturer."
"Taiwanese chip supplier says Apple conservative on orders-Nikkei " "June 28 Taiwanese chip firm Advanced Semiconductor Engineering Inc said on Tuesday that its biggest customer  Apple Inc  was being more conservative in placing orders compared with last year  according to the Nikkei. (http://s.nikkei.com/290gukL)"
"Taiwanese chip supplier says Apple conservative on orders: Nikkei " "Taiwanese chip firm Advanced Semiconductor Engineering Inc said on Tuesday that its biggest customer  Apple Inc  was being more conservative in placing orders compared with last year  according to the Nikkei."
"BRIEF-Apple in talks to acquire Tidal  Jay Z's streaming-music service - CNBC  citing Dow Jones " "* Apple in talks to acquire Tidal  Jay Z's streaming-music service- CNBC  citing Dow Jones  Source text : (http://on.wsj.com/298Tdmp) Further company coverage:    (Bengaluru Newsroom +91 80 6749-1130; within U.S. +1 646 223 8780)"
"BRIEF-Nike appoints Tim Cook as lead independent director of Board " "* Nike  Inc. And Phil Knight complete planned chairman succession"
"Greenlight sees small loss in June  JANA off a bit more " "BOSTON David Einhorn and Barry Rosenstein  two closely watched hedge fund managers ended June with losses  suffering some fallout from the markets sharp drop after Britain voted to leave the European Union a week ago."
"UPDATE 1-Greenlight sees small loss in June  JANA off a bit more " "BOSTON  June 30 David Einhorn and Barry Rosenstein  two closely watched hedge fund managers ended June with losses  suffering some fallout from the markets sharp drop after Britain voted to leave the European Union a week ago."
"Will 'Halo' shine for Apple or VirnetX? " "The U.S. Supreme Court's recent decision in Halo v. Pulse Electronics should hurt  not help  VirnetX's quest to build on a federal jury's $625 million patent-infringement verdict against Apple Inc.  according to a brief Apple filed in federal court on Wednesday."
"Samsung Electronics set for best quarter in over 2 years on Q2 smartphone boost " "SEOUL  July 5 Tech giant Samsung Electronics Co Ltd is poised to issue guidance for its best quarterly profit in more than two years  propelled by a surge in mobile earnings on the back of robust sales of its flagship Galaxy S7 smartphones."
"TDK aims to build up auto business  cut smartphone dependence -CEO " "TOKYO  July 6 Japanese electronic parts maker TDK Corp aims to boost sales of automotive products to reduce its proportion of smartphone-related business to 30 percent of revenue from 40 percent  its new chief executive said on Wednesday."
"UPDATE 2-Wal-Mart mobile pay service rollout complete  repeat usage jumps " "CHICAGO  July 6 Wal-Mart Stores Inc said on Wednesday it has completed the rollout of its Wal-Mart Pay mobile payment service across the United States and that 88 percent of transactions on the payment app are from repeat users."
"BRIEF-Network-1 says Mirror World settled patent litigation with Apple " "* Network-1 Technologies Inc - Mirror World Technologies Inc agreed to settle its patent litigation against Apple Inc"
"Federal Circuit denies Apple attempt to delay Smartflash appeal " "A federal appeals court has rejected a bid by Apple Inc to postpone its appeal of a $533 million verdict for infringing licensor Smartflash LLC's patents in order to wait for the expected appeals of a series of invalidations of the same patents by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office."
"LG Display sees signs of display market improvement " "PAJU  South Korea  July 13 South Korea's LG Display Co Ltd is seeing signs of improvement in the display panel industry and expects its business performance to pick up in the second half of the year  the firm's chief executive said."
"S&P 500's record highs held back by Apple's falling stock price " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 15 The S&P 500's multiple record highs set this week after more than a year-long wait on Wall Street would not have taken so long had Apple Inc  the index's largest constituent  not fallen deeply from its own all-time high."
"S&P 500's record highs held back by Apple's falling stock price " "SAN FRANCISCO The S&P 500's multiple record highs set this week after more than a year-long wait on Wall Street would not have taken so long had Apple Inc   the index's largest constituent  not fallen deeply from its own all-time high."
"Taiwan June export orders fall for 15th month  but U.S. and Europe demand pick up " "TAIPEI Taiwan's export orders fell less than expected in June  a relief for the island's many factories struggling with a slowdown in China and worried about the impact of Brexit on global trade."
"Pokemon Go seen making billions for Apple (July 20) " "Apple Inc stands to rake in $3 billion in revenue from the Pokemon Go craze in the next one to two years as gamers buy ""PokeCoins"" from its app store  brokerage Needham & Co said."
"REFILE-Pokemon Go seen making billions for Apple (July 20) " "July 20 Apple Inc stands to rake in $3 billion in revenue from the Pokemon Go craze in the next one to two years as gamers buy ""PokeCoins"" from its app store  brokerage Needham & Co said."
"UPDATE 2-Liberty Media CEO made offer for Pandora in recent months - WSJ " "July 21 Liberty Media Corp Chief Executive Greg Maffei made an offer to buy internet radio company Pandora Media Inc in recent months  valuing the company at more than $3.4 billion  the Wall Street Journal reported on Thursday."
"Apple to open first Apple Store in Taiwan " "TAIPEI Apple Inc is planning to open its first Apple Store in Taiwan  a move that comes after the U.S. technology giant raised $1.38 billion in a bond offering last month on the island that is home to many companies in its supply chain."
"Apple to open first Apple Store in Taiwan " "TAIPEI  July 22 Apple Inc is planning to open its first Apple Store in Taiwan  a move that comes after the U.S. technology giant raised $1.38 billion in a bond offering last month on the island that is home to many companies in its supply chain."
"BRIEF-Apple taps bob mansfield to work on its car project - CNBC citing DJ " "* Apple taps Bob Mansfield  an adviser to the company & former hardware executive  to work on its car project - CNBC citing DJ  Further company coverage:    (Bengaluru Newsroom: +1 646 223 8780)"
"Federal Circuit revives Unwired Planet patent case against Apple " "A California federal judge made several mistakes in dramatically narrowing a patent infringement case against Apple Inc  allowing the iPhone maker to avoid a trial  a U.S. appeals court said on Friday as it tossed a number of his rulings."
"BRIEF-Apple reports Q3 earnings per share $1.42 " "* Q3 net sales $42.36 billion versus $49.61 billion last year"
"CORRECTED-Apple sells more iPhones than expected in third quarter " "July 26 Apple Inc's iPhone sales fell for the second straight quarter  although the 15 percent drop was less than feared."
"Huawei's global smartphone shipments jump 25 percent in first half " "HONG KONG China's Huawei Technologies Co Ltd [HWT.UL]  the world's third-largest smartphone vendor  said first-half global smartphone shipments jumped 25 percent  helped by rapid growth in traditionally high-end markets such as Europe."
"US STOCKS-Futures flat as investors brace for earnings  Fed meet " "* Futures: Dow up 10 pts  S&P down 0.25 pts  Nasdaq up 3.25 pts"
"US STOCKS-Wall St mixed  Apple impresses and Twitter disappoints " "* Caterpillar  Texas Instruments rise on upbeat earnings  forecast"
"US STOCKS-Wall St set to open flat as investors assess earnings " "* Futures: Dow down 12 pts  S&P flat  Nasdaq up 7.25 pts   (Adds details  comments  updates prices)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St wavers ahead of Fed meet  Apple earnings " "* Caterpillar  Texas Instruments rise on upbeat earnings  forecast"
"Apple CEO touts future technology amid iPhone worries " "SAN FRANCISCO As iPhone sales declined for the second straight quarter  Apple CEO Tim Cook peeled back the curtain ever so slightly on its work in artificial intelligence and augmented reality  aiming to reassure investors that the company is ready to ride the next wave of technology. | Video "
"Apple sells more iPhones than expected  shares jump after hours " "Apple Inc  sold more iPhones than Wall Street expected in the third quarter and estimated its revenue in the current period would top many analysts' targets  soothing fears that demand for the company's most important product had hit a wall. | Video "
"As iPhone sales stagnate  services promise growth for Apple " "Though Apple Inc  is selling enough iPhones to keep investors happy for now  the world's most valuable publicly traded company is set increasingly to rely on its apps and services to drive growth."
"Australia's big banks team up to challenge Apple on mobile payment apps " "SYDNEY Australia's three biggest banks  including no. 1 lender National Australia Bank (NAB)   on Wednesday said they had lodged a joint application with anti-trust regulators seeking approval to collectively negotiate with Apple Inc  to install their own electronic payments applications on iPhones."
"BRIEF-Apple sees utilizing about $13 bln for capex during 2016 - filing " "* Apple Inc - Anticipates utilizing about $13.0 billion for capital expenditures during 2016"
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Japan stimulus lifts Asia shares  Fed awaited " "* Wall Street falters as Apple shine fades; Fed statement awaited"
"UPDATE 2-As iPhone sales stagnate  services promise growth for Apple " "July 27 Though Apple Inc is selling enough iPhones to keep investors happy for now  the world's most valuable publicly traded company is set increasingly to rely on its apps and services to drive growth."
"US STOCKS-Apple powers Wall Street; all eyes on Fed " "* Indexes up: Dow 0.32 pct  S&P 0.16 pct  Nasdaq 0.63 pct   (Updates to open)"
"US STOCKS-Futures rise on strong Apple results; Fed awaited " "July 27 U.S. stock index futures were higher on Wednesday  helped by Apple's stellar results  and ahead of the Federal Reserve's comments on interest rates."
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall St opens higher on Apple earnings  Fed eyed " "July 27 U.S. stocks opened higher on Wednesday  bolstered by strong results from Apple  and ahead of the Federal Reserve's decision on interest rate hikes."
"Dialog Q2 sales  oper profit drop on weak demand for smartphones " "FRANKFURT  July 28 Dialog Semiconductor   the maker of chips used in Apple and Samsung Electronics' smartphones  on Thursday reported a drop in second-quarter sales and operating profit as ongoing softness in the smartphone market continued to weigh."
"UPDATE 1-Dialog cuts 2016 sales outlook on weak smartphones demand " "* Shares indicated to open 8 pct lower   (Adds details about outlook  shares)"
"US STOCKS-Futures rise after Fed keeps rates unchanged " "July 28 U.S. stock index futures were higher on Thursday after the Federal Reserve decided to keep borrowing costs unchanged and painted an upbeat picture of the economy."
"Apple asks U.S. Supreme Court to rule against Samsung over patents " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc  on Friday asked the U.S. Supreme Court to clear the way for the iPhone maker to secure hundreds of millions in damages from Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  in a case over smartphone design patents."
"Apple asks U.S. Supreme Court to rule against Samsung over patents " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 29 Apple Inc on Friday asked the U.S. Supreme Court to clear the way for the iPhone maker to secure hundreds of millions in damages from Samsung Electronics Co Ltd in a case over smartphone design patents."
"UPDATE 2-Apple asks U.S. Supreme Court to rule against Samsung over patents " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 29 Apple Inc on Friday asked the U.S. Supreme Court to clear the way for the iPhone maker to secure hundreds of millions in damages from Samsung Electronics Co Ltd in a case over smartphone design patents."
"BRIEF-Teamsters says Apple shuttle drivers voted in favor of first agreement " "* Apple shuttle drivers who are members of teamsters local 853 in Oakland have voted overwhelmingly in favor of a first agreement"
"BUZZ-Apple bulls lead charge through resistance " "** Apple seeing an upside breakout suggesting room to trend higher in coming months  could see tech continue its post-Brexit outperformance"
"Judge voids VirnetX's $625.6 million Apple verdict; VirnetX plunges " "A federal judge has thrown out a verdict requiring Apple Inc  to pay VirnetX Holding Corp  $625.6 million for infringing four patents relating to Internet security technology  causing VirnetX's share price to plunge."
"Judge voids VirnetX's $625.6 mln Apple verdict; VirnetX plunges " "Aug 1 A federal judge has thrown out a verdict requiring Apple Inc to pay VirnetX Holding Corp  $625.6 million for infringing four patents relating to Internet security technology  causing VirnetX's share price to plunge."
"US STOCKS-Wall St edges lower as energy sector weighs " "* U.S. crude falls below $40/barrel for first time since mid-April"
"US STOCKS-Wall St retreats from record high as energy shares fall with oil " "* U.S. crude falls below $40/barrel for first time since mid-April"
"BRIEF-Kudelski and Apple settle patent litigation " "* Under agreement  parties agreed to dismiss all pending patent litigation. Financial terms were not disclosed  Source text for Eikon:  Further company coverage:    (Gdynia Newsroom)"
"OpenTV owner settles patent dispute with Apple " "NEW YORK/ZURICH  Aug 2 Swiss digital TV security company Kudelski on Tuesday reached a settlement with Apple Inc  ending a patent dispute in the United States and Europe and removing a threat to Apple's video streaming features in devices sold in Germany."
"OpenTV owner settles patent dispute with Apple " "NEW YORK/ZURICH Swiss digital TV security company Kudelski  on Tuesday reached a settlement with Apple Inc  ending a patent dispute in the United States and Europe and removing a threat to Apple's video streaming features in devices sold in Germany."
"OpenTV owner settles patent dispute with Apple " "Swiss digital TV security company Kudelski  on Tuesday reached a settlement with Apple Inc  ending a patent dispute in the United States and Europe and removing a threat to Apple's video streaming features in devices sold in Germany."
"UPDATE 2-Infineon misses profit forecast as smartphone chip demand stagnates " "* Shares 3.9 percent lower in early trade   (Adds detail  background about smartphone market  updates shares)"
"Apple reports progress in workforce diversity " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc on Wednesday reported improvements in gender and ethnic diversity in June as the U.S. technology company stayed ahead of fellow Silicon Valley power houses Google  and Facebook Inc  in hiring minorities."
"Apple reports progress in workforce diversity " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 3 Apple Inc on Wednesday reported improvements in gender and ethnic diversity in June as the U.S. technology company stayed ahead of fellow Silicon Valley powerhouses Google and Facebook Inc  in hiring minorities."
"Designers come out for Apple in patent fight with Samsung " "Apple Inc deserved the hundreds of millions of dollars in damages Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  paid for infringing patented designs of the iPhone  because the product's  distinctive look drives people to purchase it  a group of design industry professionals told the U.S. Supreme Court on Thursday."
"Designers come out for Apple in patent fight with Samsung " "NEW YORK Apple Inc  deserved the hundreds of millions of dollars in damages Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  paid for infringing patented designs of the iPhone  because the product's  distinctive look drives people to purchase it  a group of design industry professionals told the U.S. Supreme Court on Thursday."
"Designers come out for Apple in patent fight with Samsung " "NEW YORK  Aug 4 Apple Inc deserved the hundreds of millions of dollars in damages Samsung Electronics Co Ltd paid for infringing patented designs of the iPhone because the product's  distinctive look drives people to purchase it  a group of design industry professionals told the U.S. Supreme Court on Thursday."
"UPDATE 1-Designers come out for Apple in patent fight with Samsung " "NEW YORK  Aug 4 Apple Inc deserved the hundreds of millions of dollars in damages Samsung Electronics Co Ltd paid for infringing patented designs of the iPhone  because the product's  distinctive look drives people to purchase it  a group of design industry professionals told the U.S. Supreme Court on Thursday."
"Berkshire boosts bet on Apple " "Aug 15 Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc  on Monday said it has increased its stake in Apple Inc  by 55 percent  boosting its bet on the iPhone and iPod maker even as other prominent investors reduce their own."
"BRIEF-Berkshire Hathaway ups stake in Apple by 55 pct " "* Ups share stake in Apple Inc by about 55 percent to 15.2 million shares - SEC filing"
"BRIEF-Greenlight Capital cuts stake in Apple  Terraform Power " "* Greenlight Capital Inc Dissolves Stake In Macy's Inc - SEC Filing"
"BRIEF-Omega Advisors dissolves share stake in Apple  raises share stake in Allergan " "* Omega Advisors takes 1.49 million shares stake in Nabors Industries Ltd - SEC filing"
"BRIEF-Soros Fund Management dissolves share stake in Apple Inc  United Continental Holdings " "* Soros Fund Management dissolves share stake in Apple Inc - SEC filing"
"BRIEF-Tiger Global Management cuts share stake in Apple " "* Tiger Global Management - Change in holdings are as of June 30  2016 and compared with the previous quarter ended as of March 31  2016"
"PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - Aug 15 " "Aug 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy."
"UPDATE 2-Berkshire takes bigger bite of Apple  pares Wal-Mart " "* Berkshire lowers Deere  Suncor stakes  ups Liberty Global   (Adds comments on Apple and other investments  details on other investors cutting Apple stakes  byline)"
"Apple's Cook says to increase investment in China - China state TV " "BEIJING  Aug 16 Apple Inc will increase its investment in China  one of its most important markets  and build its first Asia-Pacific research and development centre in the country by the end of 2016  Chief Executive Tim Cook said on Tuesday."
"Berkshire takes bigger bite of Apple  pares Wal-Mart " "Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc  on Monday said it has increased its stake in Apple Inc  by 55 percent  boosting its bet on the iPhone and iPod maker even as prominent investors like George Soros and Carl Icahn shed theirs."
"RPT-UPDATE 1-Apple to increase investment in increasingly tough China " "BEIJING  Aug 16 Apple Inc will boost its investment in China  one of its most important but increasingly difficult markets  and build its first Asia-Pacific research and development centre in the country  Chief Executive Tim Cook said on Tuesday."
"UPDATE 1-Apple to increase investment in increasingly tough China " "BEIJING  Aug 16 Apple Inc will boost its investment in China  one of its most important but increasingly difficult markets  and build its first Asia-Pacific research and development centre in the country  Chief Executive Tim Cook said on Tuesday."
"UPDATE 2-Apple to boost China investments as demand slows " "BEIJING  Aug 16 Apple Inc will boost its investment in China  one of its largest but increasingly challenging markets  and build its first Asia-Pacific research and development center in the country  Chief Executive Tim Cook said on Tuesday."
"BRIEF-Apple announces environmental progress in China " "* announces environmental progress in china & applauds supplier commitment to clean energy"
"Target says low demand for Apple products hurts electronics sales " "Target Corp reported a drop in demand for Apple Inc's products that hurt the retail chain's electronics sales in the second quarter  but said it is working with the iPhone maker to capitalize on new product launches during the second half. | Video "
"UPDATE 2-BlackRock's largest mutual fund warns on U.S.  ups Japan stake " "NEW YORK  Aug 17 Managers of BlackRock Inc's  largest mutual fund are warning that U.S. stocks may ""disappoint"" investors  a company note showed on Wednesday  arguing for a shift to Japanese stocks as one of the few markets offering a bargain."
"UPDATE 5-Target says low demand for Apple products hurts electronics sales " "Aug 17 Target Corp reported a drop in demand for Apple Inc's products that hurt the retail chain's electronics sales in the second quarter  but said it is working with the iPhone maker to capitalize on new product launches during the second half."
"Apple to boost China investments as demand slows " "BEIJING Apple Inc will boost its investment in China  one of its largest but increasingly challenging markets  and build its first Asia-Pacific research and development center in the country  Chief Executive Tim Cook said on Tuesday. | Video "
"BRIEF-BSD Crown says court denies rehearing for co's Apple infringement claim " "* Hereby announces court has denied petition for rehearing co's claim against Apple Inc for infringement of co's patent for live streaming  Source text for Eikon:  Further company coverage:     (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 806 749 1136)"
"Australia denies banks interim approval to jointly negotiate with Apple on payment apps " "SYDNEY  Aug 19 Australia's anti-trust regulator on Friday said it would not grant the country's three biggest banks interim approval to collectively negotiate with Apple Inc  to install their own electronic payments applications on iPhones."
"Australia denies banks interim approval to jointly negotiate with Apple on payment apps " "SYDNEY Australia's anti-trust regulator on Friday said it would not grant the country's three biggest banks interim approval to collectively negotiate with Apple Inc to install their own electronic payments applications on iPhones."
"UPDATE 1-Australia denies banks interim approval to jointly negotiate with Apple on payment apps " "SYDNEY  Aug 19 Australia's anti-trust regulator on Friday said it would not grant the country's three biggest banks interim approval to collectively negotiate with Apple Inc  to install their own electronic payments applications on iPhones."
"AT&T  Apple  Google to work on 'robocall' crackdown " "WASHINGTON More than 30 major technology and communication companies said on Friday they are joining the U.S. government to crack down on ""robocalls "" automated  prerecorded phone calls that regulators have labeled a ""scourge."" | Video "
"BRIEF-Apple has come up with three new iPhone models for next year - Nikkei " "* Apple Inc. has come up with three new iPhone models for next year  including a premium handset that will sport a curved display - Nikkei"
"Foxconn says two employees at China plant died; cooperating with investigations " "TAIPEI  Aug 22 Foxconn  which assembles Apple Inc products  said on Monday two workers at its manufacturing facilities in China died last week  even as the company made efforts to improve labour conditions that came under scrutiny after a spate of suicides in recent years."
"Foxconn says two employees at China plant died; cooperating with investigations " "TAIPEI Foxconn  which assembles Apple Inc products  said on Monday two workers at its manufacturing facilities in China died last week  even as the company made efforts to improve labor conditions that came under scrutiny after a spate of suicides in recent years."
"Apple to Samsung in canceled patent dispute: Keep out " "Samsung Electronics Co Ltd has told a federal appeals court that despite Apple Inc's opposition it should be able to offer arguments over the cancellation of Apple's ""pinch-to-zoom"" patent that figured in a hotly contested lawsuit against Samsung."
"Mobileye  Delphi to develop self-driving system " "Aug 23 Israeli driving assistant software maker Mobileye NV said on Tuesday it was developing a self-driving system with Delphi Automotive Plc that will be ready for production by 2019."
"Mobileye  Delphi to develop self-driving system " "Israeli driving assistant software maker Mobileye NV said on Tuesday it was developing a self-driving system with Delphi Automotive Plc that will be ready for production by 2019."
"Taiwan stocks up with overseas markets; Mega Financial keeps slipping " "TAIPEI  Aug 23 Taiwan stocks rose on Tuesday in line with overseas markets with the index consolidating off highs reached earlier this month that had not been seen in over a year."
"Samsung  Tencent surge in race to become Asia's most valuable firm " "* The two firms add combined $30 bln to market cap since Thurs"
"Apple fixes serious security flaw after UAE dissident's iPhone targeted " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 25 Apple Inc issued a patch on Thursday to fix a dangerous security hole in iPhones and iPads after researchers discovered that a prominent United Arab Emirates dissident's phone had been targeted with a previously unknown method of hacking."
"Brussels rebuffs U.S. attack on EU tax investigations " "BRUSSELS The European Commission rebuffed an attack by the U.S. Treasury on its investigations into alleged sweetheart tax deals between companies such as Apple  and McDonald's  and European governments  saying there was no anti-U.S. bias."
"Samsung  Tencent surge in race to become Asia's most valuable firm " "SINGAPORE Tencent Holdings Ltd  and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  are racing to be crowned Asia's most valuable company as expectations for robust earnings growth push their share prices to record highs. | Video "
"PRESS DIGEST- British Business - Aug 26 " "Aug 26 The following are the top stories on the business pages of British newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy."
"UK Stocks-Factors to watch on Aug. 26 " "Aug 26 Britain's FTSE 100 index is seen opening flat  according to financial bookmakers.          * The UK blue chip index closed down 0.3 percent at 6 816.90 points on Thursday  extending losses from the previous session as healthcare stocks dropped  though CRH rose after well-received results.      * ROLLS-ROYCE: Japanese carrier ANA Holdings needs to replace damaged compressor blades in the Rolls-Royce engines powering its Boeing  787s  it said on Thursday  forcing it to cancel so"
"BRIEF-Apple reports stock award of 1.26 mln shares of common stock to CEO Tim Cook - SEC filing " "* Apple CEO Tim Cook sold 334 000 shares of co's common stock at prices between 107.07/shr to 107.73/shr between Aug 24 and Aug 25 - SEC filing"
"BRIEF-Apple sends out invites for a Sept 7 event- CNBC " "* Apple sends out invites for a Sept 7 event- CNBC  Source text : http://cnb.cx/2byoMRU Further company coverage:"
"UPDATE 1-EU to hand Apple Irish tax bill of over 1 bln euro  source says " "* Irish government  Apple to appeal any adverse ruling   (Adds details)"
"EU orders Apple to pay up to 13 bln euros tax to Ireland " "BRUSSELS  Aug 30 EU antitrust regulators ordered Apple on Tuesday to pay up to 13 billion euros ($14.5 billion) in taxes to the Irish government after ruling that a special scheme to route profits through Ireland was illegal state aid."
"Ireland 'disagrees profoundly' with EU on Apple tax bill " "DUBLIN Ireland disagrees profoundly with the European Commission's ruling against its tax dealings with Apple Inc   Finance Minister Michael Noonan said on Tuesday ahead of seeking cabinet approval to appeal."
"Q&A-Why the EU says Apple must pay Ireland $14.5 billion in tax " "LONDON  Aug 30 The European Commission (EC) ordered Apple Inc. to pay Ireland unpaid taxes of up to 13 billion euros ($14.5 billion) on Tuesday as it ruled the firm had received illegal state aid."
"RPT-UPDATE 3-EU demands Apple pay Ireland up to 13 bln euros in tax " "* Tax deal saw U.S. tech giant pay 1 pct tax on profit or less"
"UPDATE 2-EU ruling on Apple stirs calls for U.S. tax reform " "WASHINGTON  Aug 30 A European Commission order requiring Apple Inc to pay Ireland $13 billion euros ($14.5 billion) in unpaid taxes on Tuesday drew swift rebukes from the Obama administration and lawmakers in Congress  while reigniting calls for U.S. tax reform."
"UPDATE 3-EU demands Apple pay Ireland up to 13 bln euros in tax " "* Tax deal saw U.S. tech giant pay 1 pct tax on profit or less"
"U.S. slams EU  but Apple tax demand first issued in Washington " "BRUSSELS - The United States is furious at the European Union for handing Apple Inc  a $14.5 billion tax demand on Tuesday but EU officials say it was Washington which put them on to the scheme in the first place."
"U.S. slams EU  but Apple tax demand first issued in Washington " "* Washington warns $14.5 billion Irish bill may hurt relations"
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall St ends slightly lower as banks offset Apple drag " "NEW YORK  Aug 30 Apple Inc was the largest weight on U.S. stock indexes on Tuesday after antitrust regulators ordered the company to pay about $14.5 billion in back taxes to the Irish government  but gains in bank shares partly offset the decline."
"Washington warns of strain on EU economic relationship after Apple ruling " "WASHINGTON  Aug 30 A European Commission order requiring Apple Inc to pay $13 billion euros ($14.5 billion) in taxes on Tuesday drew swift and angry rebukes from the Obama administration and lawmakers in Congress  while reigniting calls for international tax reform."
"Apple tax windfall could help ease Ireland's debts says S&P " "LONDON A European Commission ruling that Apple Inc  should pay Ireland up to 13 billion euros of back-dated taxes could help the country cut its debt significantly but may undermine its government  Standard & Poor's told Reuters on Wednesday."
"EU hits Apple with $14.5 billion Irish tax demand " "BRUSSELS/DUBLIN The European Commission ordered Apple Inc to pay Ireland unpaid taxes of up to 13 billion euros ($14.5 billion) on Tuesday as it ruled the firm had received illegal state aid. | Video "
"EU ruling on Apple stirs calls for U.S. tax reform " "WASHINGTON A European Commission order requiring Apple Inc  to pay Ireland $13 billion euros ($14.5 billion) in unpaid taxes on Tuesday drew swift rebukes from the Obama administration and lawmakers in Congress  while reigniting calls for U.S. tax reform. | Video "
"India accords residency status to foreign investors " "NEW DELHI India approved a plan on Wednesday to allow foreign investors to settle  emulating a policy in countries such as the United States and Singapore to woo investment from abroad."
"Ireland says Apple CEO spoke to PM  committed to stay " "DUBLIN  Aug 31 Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny spoke to Apple chief executive Tim Cook ahead of the European Union's announcement of a 13 billion euro back tax bill and the U.S. firm committed to remain in Ireland  Kenny's office said on Wednesday."
"RPT-U.S. slams EU  but Apple tax demand first issued in Washington " "* Washington warns $14.5 billion Irish bill may hurt relations"
"Samsung testing its smartwatches to work with Apple phones " "BERLIN  Aug 31 Samsung Electronics  is gearing up to enable its watches to work with rival Apple Inc's mobile devices in a bid to reach a wider audience for its wearable accessories beyond its own phone users  an executive said on Wednesday."
"Samsung testing its smartwatches to work with Apple phones " "BERLIN Samsung Electronics is gearing up to enable its watches to work with rival Apple Inc's mobile devices in a bid to reach a wider audience for its wearable accessories beyond its own phone users  an executive said on Wednesday."
"UPDATE 1-India accords residency status to foreign investors " "NEW DELHI  Aug 31 India approved a plan on Wednesday to allow foreign investors to settle  emulating a policy in countries such as the United States and Singapore to woo investment from abroad."
"Why the EU says Apple must pay Ireland $14.5 billion in tax " "LONDON The European Commission (EC) ordered Apple Inc. to pay Ireland unpaid taxes of up to 13 billion euros ($14.5 billion) on Tuesday as it ruled the firm had received illegal state aid."
"Apple CEO expects to repatriate billions of dollars to U.S. next year " "DUBLIN Apple  expects to repatriate billions of dollars of global profits to the United States next year  Chief Executive Tim Cook said in a radio interview on Thursday  but did not specify exactly how much would be returned."
"Apple CEO expects to repatriate billions of dollars to U.S. next year " "DUBLIN  Sept 1 Apple expects to repatriate billions of dollars of global profits to the United States next year  Chief Executive Tim Cook said in a radio interview on Thursday  but did not specify exactly how much would be returned."
"REFILE-UPDATE 4-Samsung mobile recovery suffers blow as Galaxy Notes 'catch fire' " "* Firm counting on the new premium device for H2 sales momentum"
"Samsung mobile recovery suffers blow as Galaxy Notes 'catch fire' " "SEOUL The recovery in Samsung Electronics Co Ltd's  mobile business suffered a blow on Thursday as reports of exploding batteries forced the firm to delay shipments of Galaxy Note 7 smartphones  and knocked $7 billion off its market value."
"UPDATE 4-EU ruling on Apple's Irish tax is 'total political crap' - CEO " "* GRAPHIC- Corporate tax rates: http://tmsnrt.rs/2bUG9l4   (Adds Independent lawmakers' call for review)"
"UPDATE 5-Samsung mobile recovery suffers blow as Galaxy Notes 'catch fire' " "* Firm counting on the new premium device for H2 sales momentum   (Updates with local media reports on potential recall  closing share price)"
"Apple appeal against EU tax demand would break new ground " "LONDON  Sept 2 Apple CEO Tim Cook has said he will appeal the European Commission's ruling that his company received an unlawful 13 billion euro ($14.5 billion) subsidy when Ireland gave it preferential tax deals and that he was confident the decision would be reversed."
"Apple damaging patent system with severe delays  Samsung says " "Samsung Electronics Co Ltd on Thursday accused Apple Inc of abusing the patent system by severely delaying a process that led to the invalidation of its ""pinch-to-zoom"" patent while aggressively enforcing that very same patent against it."
"EU scrutinising around six other 1990 Irish tax opinions-report " "DUBLIN  Sept 4 The European Commission is scrutinising around six tax opinions multinationals received in Ireland in the early 1990s  the same period in which it said one granted to Apple amounted to illegal state aid  Ireland's Sunday Business Post said."
"Apple sets stage for iPhone 7  many already waiting for 8 " "SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 7 The iPhone 7 is expected to make its global debut on Wednesday  but many consumers and investors are already setting their sights on Apple Inc's  2017 version of the popular gadget  hoping for more significant advances."
"BRIEF-Apple - Apple Watch Series 2 will be available beginning Sept. 16 " "* Says Apple Watch Series 2 will be available in more than 25 countries beginning Friday  September 16  Source text for Eikon:  Further company coverage:"
"RPT-Apple sets stage for iPhone 7  many already waiting for 8 " "SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 7 The iPhone 7 is expected to make its global debut on Wednesday  but many consumers and investors are already setting their sights on Apple Inc's  2017 version of the popular gadget  hoping for more significant advances."
"Stock options suggest calm ahead of Apple launch " "NEW YORK Options activity surrounding Apple shares on Wednesday could best be described with an iPhone ringtone: crickets."
"Stock options suggest calm ahead of Apple launch " "NEW YORK  Sept 7 Options activity surrounding Apple shares on Wednesday could best be described with an iPhone ringtone: crickets."
"Taiwan stocks hit 14-month high  TSMC leads rally " "TAIPEI  Sept 7 Taiwan stocks rose 1 percent  to a 14-month high on Wednesday  tracking other regional bourses  with TSMC leading technology shares higher."
"UPDATE 7-Apple unveils iPhone 7 but some still waiting for iPhone 8 " "SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 7 Apple Inc  unveiled an iPhone 7 with high-resolution cameras and no headphone jack at its annual launch event Wednesday  though the biggest surprise was the debut of a three-decade-old Nintendo game franchise  Super Mario Bros  on the smartphone."
"U.S. FCC chief to unveil revised plan to eliminate cable boxes " "WASHINGTON  Sept 7 The top U.S. communications regulator plans on Thursday to unveil a revised plan to allow about 100 million pay TV subscribers to replace expensive set-top boxes with less-costly apps that provide access to television and video programs  two people briefed on the plan said."
"Apple iPhone 7 not a game changer: analysts " "Not even Chief Executive Tim Cook singing ""Sweet Home Alabama"" on Carpool Karaoke could get Wall Street excited about the launch of Apple Inc's  iPhone 7."
"Apple unveils iPhone 7 but some still waiting for iPhone 8 " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc  unveiled an iPhone 7 with high-resolution cameras and no headphone jack at its annual launch event Wednesday  though the biggest surprise was the debut of a three-decade-old Nintendo game franchise  Super Mario Bros  on the smartphone. | Video "
"Apple will not give first-weekend sales of iPhone 7 " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc  will not release first-weekend sales of its new iPhone 7  the company said on Thursday  making it harder for analysts to get a read on the product's prospects amid questions over whether its popularity has peaked. | Video "
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks slip  euro gains as ECB holds line on stimulus " "* Oil surges after inventory data   (Updates with close of European markets)"
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks slip  euro rises in wake of ECB decision " "* Oil surges after inventory data   (Updates with close of U.S. markets  oil settlement prices)"
"US STOCKS-Apple weighs on Wall St; energy shares a boost " "* Indexes down: Dow 0.2 pct  S&P 0.2 pct  Nasdaq 0.5 pct   (Updates to late afternoon)"
"US STOCKS-Apple weighs on Wall St; energy shares a boost " "* Indexes down: Dow 0.3 pct  S&P 0.2 pct  Nasdaq 0.5 pct   (Updates to close)"
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Apple drags Wall St lower; energy shares jump " "NEW YORK  Sept 8 U.S. stocks slipped on Thursday  weighed by Apple after its latest iPhone failed to impress investors  but gains in energy shares limited the decline."
"US STOCKS-Wall Street weighed down by Apple " "* Indexes down: Dow 0.2 pct  S&P 0.18 pct  Nasdaq 0.39 pct   (Updates to early afternoon)"
"Taiwan stocks near one-week low as Apple suppliers drag " "TAIPEI  Sept 9 Taiwan stocks fell to about a one-week low on Friday as TSMC and other Apple Inc  suppliers tracked losses in Apple shares after the iPhone 7 failed to impress Wall Street."
"UPDATE 1-Samsung urges Note 7 users to switch off phones and turn them in " "* Samsung urges affected customers to power off  turn in device"
"Sprint  T-Mobile iPhone pre-orders boost Apple shares " "Sept 13 U.S. wireless carriers Sprint Corp  and T-Mobile US Inc said on Tuesday they received strong pre-orders for Apple Inc's iPhone 7  sending shares of the world's most valuable listed company up 3 percent."
"Sprint  T-Mobile iPhone pre-orders boost Apple shares " "U.S. wireless carriers Sprint Corp  and T-Mobile US Inc  said on Tuesday they received strong pre-orders for Apple Inc's  iPhone 7  sending shares of the world's most valuable listed company up 3 percent."
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks dip  U.S. yield curve hits steepest in 2 months " "* World stocks edge down but Apple shares gain   (Updates with U.S. markets' closing levels)"
"iPhone optimism blasts Apple stock to 2016 high " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple's  stock hit a 2016 high on Wednesday  with its market value peaking above $600 billion for the first time since April as Wall Street bet the technology company's newest iPhone would help shore up falling sales. | Video "
"iPhone optimism blasts Apple stock to 2016 high " "SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 14 Apple's stock hit a 2016 high on Wednesday  with its market value peaking above $600 billion for the first time since April as Wall Street bet the technology company's newest iPhone would help shore up falling sales."
"Japan report shows Apple  Google hinder app competition - Nikkei " "Sept 14 Apple Inc and Alphabet Inc's  Google engage in practices that undermine competition in the smartphone app market  Nikkei said  citing a report by Japan's Ministry of Economy  Trade and Industry."
"Twitter launches video app for Apple and Amazon TV  Xbox One " "Sept 14 Twitter Inc launched a new video streaming application for Apple Inc and Amazon.com Inc TV platforms  as well as Microsoft Corp's Xbox One gaming console as it brings its video content to the forefront."
"Twitter launches video app for Apple and Amazon TV  Xbox One " "Twitter Inc launched a new video streaming application for Apple Inc and Amazon.com Inc TV platforms  as well as Microsoft Corp's Xbox One gaming console as it brings its video content to the forefront."
"UPDATE 1-iPhone optimism blasts Apple stock to 2016 high " "SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 14 Apple's stock hit a 2016 high on Wednesday  with its market value peaking above $600 billion for the first time since April as Wall Street bet the technology company's newest iPhone would help shore up falling sales."
"US STOCKS-Wall Street flat as Apple-led tech gains offset energy losses " "* Indexes up: Dow 0.07 pct  S&P 0.1 pct  Nasdaq 0.29 pct   (Updates to open)"
"Acacia wins $22 mln against Apple in Texas patent case " "Apple Inc must pay a subsidiary of Acacia Research Corp  a large patent licensing company  $22.1 million after a federal jury in Tyler  Texas on Wednesday found that it had willfully infringed a cellular network-related patent."
"Apple says initial quantities of iPhone 7 Plus sold out " "SAN FRANCISCO Initial quantities of the iPhone 7 Plus have sold out globally as Apple Inc prepares to roll out its new gadget in stores  the company said Wednesday. | Video "
"Apple stock heads for best four days since 2014; short sellers flee " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple extended its Wall Street rally on Thursday  with enthusiasm over demand for its newest iPhone putting the stock on track for its strongest four-day streak in over two years and clobbering short sellers who bet against it."
"Apple stock heads for best four days since 2014; short sellers flee " "SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 15 Apple extended its Wall Street rally on Thursday  with enthusiasm over demand for its newest iPhone putting the stock on track for its strongest four-day streak in over two years and clobbering short sellers who bet against it."
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks gain with dimming chances of Sept rate hike " "* Oil rises on short-covering  surge in gasoline futures   (Updates with U.S. afternoon trading  European close  Apple share price)"
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks gain with dimming chances of Sept rate hike " "* Oil steady on short-covering after 2-day drop   (Updates to U.S. trading  changes byline  dateline previous LONDON)"
"Japan government advisory panel says Apple  Google hinder app competition " "TOKYO Apple Inc and Alphabet Inc's Google engage in practices that undermine competition in the smartphone app market  an advisory panel to Japan's Ministry of Economy  Trade and Industry alleged on Thursday."
"UPDATE 2-Apple says initial quantities of iPhone 7 Plus sold out " "SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 14 Initial quantities of the iPhone 7 Plus have sold out globally as Apple Inc  prepares to roll out its new gadget in stores  the company said Wednesday."
"UPDATE 3-U.S. tax avoidance clampdown a potential headache for Apple " "WASHINGTON  Sept 15 Apple Inc and other U.S. multinationals will face new curbs on tax loopholes under a rule imposed by Washington on Thursday  part of a scramble among governments worldwide to bolster their corporate tax bases."
"Apple Japan unit ordered to pay $118 million tax for underreporting income: media " "TOKYO An Apple Inc iTunes unit in Japan was ordered to pay some 12 billion yen ($118 million) in tax by local authorities after underreporting income  media reported Friday."
"Apple Japan unit ordered to pay $118 mln tax for underreporting income -media " "TOKYO  Sept 16 An Apple Inc iTunes unit in Japan was ordered to pay some 12 billion yen ($118 million) in tax by local authorities after underreporting income  media reported Friday."
"Apple tax row raises $2.1 trillion question for FX traders " "* History shows 2004 repatriation scheme supported U.S. currency"
"Nikkei edges up after Wall Street rises; Apple suppliers outperform " "TOKYO  Sept 16 Japanese stocks edged up on Friday morning after U.S. shares rose  while Apple-related stocks outperformed after the iPhone maker said initial quantities of the iPhone 7 Plus have sold out globally."
"UPDATE 2-Fans cheer  but iPhone 7 gets a subdued welcome " "SHANGHAI/SYDNEY/SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 16 Apple employees enthusiastically counted down the last moments before stores from San Francisco to Shanghai opened on Friday to launch the iPhone 7  but the ranks of shoppers were notably thinner than in previous years."
"U.S. tax avoidance clampdown a potential headache for Apple " "WASHINGTON Apple Inc and other U.S. multinationals will face new curbs on tax loopholes under a rule imposed by Washington on Thursday  part of a scramble among governments worldwide to bolster their corporate tax bases."
"Fans cheer  but iPhone 7 gets a subdued welcome " "SHANGHAI/SYDNEY/SAN FRANCISCO Apple employees enthusiastically counted down the last moments before stores from San Francisco to Shanghai opened on Friday to launch the iPhone 7  but the ranks of shoppers were notably thinner than in previous years. | Video "
"Apple's iPhone 7 more expensive to make: IHS Markit " "Apple Inc  is spending more to manufacture its iPhone 7 smartphone than predecessor iPhone 6S due to features such as a bigger battery and larger storage capacity  according to a teardown by IHS Markit Ltd ."
"Apple's iPhone 7 more expensive to make - IHS Markit " "Sept 20 Apple Inc is spending more to manufacture its iPhone 7 smartphone than predecessor iPhone 6S due to features such as a bigger battery and larger storage capacity  according to a teardown by IHS Markit Ltd."
"BRIEF-Danske Bank issues equity notes linked to Apple shares " "* Says will issue structured notes linked to the performance of the share price of Apple Inc.."
"Apple eyes British supercar maker McLaren - FT " "Sept 21 Apple Inc has approached British Formula One team owner McLaren Technology Group for a strategic investment or a potential buyout  the Financial Times reported  citing sources."
"Apple to pay fraction of requested damages for infringing mobile patent " "A federal jury in Delaware on Wednesday ordered Apple Inc to pay a patent licensor $3 million for infringing its patent on technology for silencing a mobile phone call."
"Supercar maker McLaren says not in discussion with Apple " "LONDON McLaren damped down a report on Wednesday that Apple Inc had made an approach for the British Formula One team owner and supercar maker."
"UPDATE 2--Supercar maker McLaren says not in discussion with Apple " "LONDON  Sept 21 McLaren damped down a report on Wednesday that Apple Inc had made an approach for the British Formula One team owner and supercar maker."
"Exclusive: Japan's antitrust watchdog considers action against Apple  carriers - sources " "TOKYO Japanese regulators are considering taking action against Apple Inc over possible antitrust violations that may have helped it dominate the nation's smartphone sales  government sources said  a move that could hit the company's profit margins in one of its most profitable markets. | Video "
"LVMH's digital drive takes time despite Apple hire " "PARIS  Sept 26 When LVMH hired former Apple music executive Ian Rogers to craft a digital strategy  investors may have hoped for some quick results. If so  they are probably disappointed."
"LVMH's digital drive takes time despite Apple hire " "PARIS When LVMH hired former Apple music executive Ian Rogers to craft a digital strategy  investors may have hoped for some quick results. If so  they are probably disappointed."
"Nikkei falls on strong yen  selling in Apple suppliers " "TOKYO  Sept 26 Japan's Nikkei fell on Monday  with a strong yen souring overall sentiment and Apple Inc's  suppliers underperforming on worries about weak overseas iPhone sales  while some investors turned their focus to the U.S. presidential debate."
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall St opens lower  weighed down by Apple " "Sept 26 U.S. stocks opened lower on Monday as Apple weighed on the three major indexes and investors geared up for the first debate between U.S. presidential candidates Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump."
"Wall Street drops as investors brace for presidential debate " "Wall Street fell on Monday as Deutsche Bank weighed on financials and investors hunkered down for the first debate between U.S. presidential candidates Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump. | Video "
"RPT-LVMH's digital drive takes time despite Apple hire " "PARIS  Sept 26 When LVMH hired former Apple music executive Ian Rogers to craft a digital strategy  investors may have hoped for some quick results. If so  they are probably disappointed."
"Apple deepens enterprise push with Deloitte partnership " "Apple Inc  and Deloitte LLP announced a partnership on Wednesday in which the consultant will open a new practice to help corporate clients work with Apple products  the tech firm's latest attempt to boost enterprise sales as its key product  the iPhone  shows signs of maturation."
"Apple deepens enterprise push with Deloitte partnership " "Sept 28 Apple Inc and Deloitte LLP announced a partnership on Wednesday in which the consultant will open a new practice to help corporate clients work with Apple products  the tech firm's latest attempt to boost enterprise sales as its key product  the iPhone  shows signs of maturation."
"UPDATE 1-Apple deepens enterprise push with Deloitte partnership " "Sept 28 Apple Inc and Deloitte LLP announced a partnership on Wednesday in which the consultant will open a new practice to help corporate clients work with Apple products  the tech firm's latest attempt to boost enterprise sales as its key product  the iPhone  shows signs of maturation."
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall St falls as banks  Apple drag " "NEW YORK  Sept 29 Wall Street dropped on Thursday  weighed down by Apple as well as selling in Wells Fargo  Citigroup and other major banks as investors worried about the health of Deutsche Bank."
"Apple loses patent retrial to VirnetX  owes $302.4 million " "NEW YORK A federal jury in Texas on Friday night ordered Apple Inc to pay more than $302 million in damages for using VirnetX Holding Corp's patented internet security technology without permission in features including its FaceTime video conferencing application."
"Apple loses patent retrial to VirnetX  owes $302.4 million " "NEW YORK  Sept. 30 A federal jury in Texas on Friday night ordered Apple Inc to pay more than $302 million in damages for using VirnetX Holding Corp's patented internet security technology without permission in features including its FaceTime video conferencing application."
"Broadcom's stock could increase by more than 20 pct -Barron's " "NEW YORK  Oct 2 The stock of chipmaker Broadcom Ltd could increase by more than 20 percent thanks to what appears to be a growing relationship with Apple  according to Barron's."
"Apple loses patent retrial to VirnetX  owes $302.4 million " "NEW YORK A federal jury in Texas on Friday night ordered Apple Inc to pay more than $302 million in damages for using VirnetX Holding Corp's patented internet security technology without permission in features including its FaceTime video conferencing application."
"Apple  Google  Coca-Cola top list of 100 most valuable brands: report " "NEW YORK Apple Inc   Alphabet Inc's  Google and Coca-Cola Co  topped the list of the world's 100 most valuable brands in 2016  while technology and automotive brands dominated the overall rankings  according to a new report from brand consultancy Interbrand."
"Apple  Google  Coca-Cola top list of 100 most valuable brands -report " "NEW YORK  Oct 5 Apple Inc  Alphabet Inc's Google and Coca-Cola Co topped the list of the world's 100 most valuable brands in 2016  while technology and automotive brands dominated the overall rankings  according to a new report from brand consultancy  Interbrand."
"Dialog Semi reviews guidance as Chinese holiday boosts 3rd qtr sales " "FRANKFURT  Oct 5 Dialog Semiconductor  the maker of chips used in Apple and Samsung Electronics' smartphones  said it was reviewing its full-year guidance after a Chinese holiday helped bolster third-quarter sales."
"Dialog Semi reviews guidance as Chinese holiday boosts third quarter sales " "FRANKFURT Dialog Semiconductor   the maker of chips used in Apple and Samsung Electronics' smartphones  said it was reviewing its full-year guidance after a Chinese holiday helped bolster third-quarter sales."
"Google phones target Apple but could leave Samsung vulnerable " "Google’s product launch on Tuesday was as much a jab at Apple Inc’s iPhone as a sales pitch for its new Pixel phones  with executives from the Mountain View internet search company taking shots at their competitor at every turn."
"Google phones target Apple but could leave Samsung vulnerable " "Oct 4 Google's product launch on Tuesday was as much a jab at Apple Inc's iPhone as a sales pitch for its new Pixel phones  with executives from the Mountain View internet search company taking shots at their competitor at every turn."
"Google takes on Apple  Amazon with new hardware push " "SAN FRANCISCO Alphabet Inc's Google on Tuesday announced a new ""Pixel"" smartphone and a suite of new consumer electronics products for the home  planting itself firmly in the hardware business and challenging Apple Inc's  iPhone at the high end of the $400 billion global smartphone market. | Video "
"Samsung Electronics to acquire artificial intelligence firm Viv  run by Siri co-creator " "SEOUL  Oct 6 Tech giant Samsung Electronics Co Ltd said on Thursday it is acquiring U.S. artificial intelligence (AI) platform developer Viv Labs Inc  a firm run by a co-creator of Apple Inc's Siri voice assistant programme."
"Apple shares perk up after strong report from iPhone chip supplier " "SAN FRANCISCO Shares of Apple Inc  rose 1 percent on Thursday after German supplier Dialog Semiconductor Plc  said its quarterly revenue were higher than expected  adding to recent enthusiasm about demand for the newest iPhone."
"Twitter shares plunge on report Google has no plan to make bid " "Oct 6 Twitter Inc's shares plunged more than 19 percent in early trading on Thursday after technology website Recode reported that Alphabet Inc's Google does not ""currently"" plan to make a bid for the company."
"Twitter shares plunge on report bidders are scarce " "Twitter Inc  shares plunged on Thursday as fears mounted that a much-anticipated auction of the social media company will draw minimal interest from potential buyers. | Video "
"U.S. court reinstates Apple $120 million patent win over Samsung " "NEW YORK A federal appeals court on Friday reinstated a $120 million jury award for Apple Inc  against Samsung   marking the latest twist in the fierce patent war between the world's top smartphone manufacturers."
"U.S. court reinstates Apple $120 mln patent win over Samsung " "NEW YORK A federal appeals court on Friday reinstated a $120 million jury award for Apple Inc  against Samsung  marking the latest twist in the fierce patent war between the world's top smartphone manufacturers."
"U.S. court reinstates Apple win over Samsung in patent case " "NEW YORK  Oct 7 A federal appeals court on Friday reinstated a $120 million jury win for Apple Inc  in a patent infringement case against Samsung  in another stunning twist in the fierce war over patents between the world's top smartphone manufacturers."
"Apple stock hits highest since December on Samsung Note 7 fire crisis " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc's  stock on Monday jumped 2.3 percent  reaching a high not seen since December  after rival Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  suspended production of its flagship Galaxy Note 7 smartphones following reports of fires in replacement devices."
"Apple stock hits highest since Dec on Samsung Note 7 fire crisis " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 10 Apple Inc's stock on Monday jumped 2.2 percent  reaching a high not seen since December  after rival Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  suspended production of its flagship Galaxy Note 7 smartphones following reports of fires in replacement devices."
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall St rises on energy  Apple boost " "NEW YORK  Oct 10 U.S. stocks rose on Monday as energy shares gained with oil prices and as Apple jumped following problems with rival Samsung Electronics Co Ltd's Note 7 phone."
"Apple-Samsung iPhone patent feud leaves U.S. top court struggling " "WASHINGTON The fierce  big-money patent fight between Apple and Samsung left the U.S. Supreme Court groping for a solution on Tuesday  as the justices puzzled over how to discern the value of individual design elements in a complex product like an iPhone."
"UPDATE 3-Apple-Samsung iPhone patent feud leaves U.S. top court struggling " "WASHINGTON  Oct 11 The fierce  big-money patent fight between Apple and Samsung left the U.S. Supreme Court groping for a solution on Tuesday  as the justices puzzled over how to discern the value of individual design elements in a complex product like an iPhone."
"Apple-Samsung iPhone patent feud leaves U.S. top court struggling " "WASHINGTON The fierce  big-money patent fight between Apple and Samsung left the U.S. Supreme Court groping for a solution on Tuesday  as the justices puzzled over how to discern the value of individual design elements in a complex product like an iPhone."
"Apple to set up R&D centre in Shenzhen  bolster China ties " "HONG KONG  Oct 12 Apple Inc will set up a research and development centre in China's manufacturing metropolis Shenzhen  the U.S. tech giant said on Wednesday  as the firm looks to spur growth in the world's second largest economy amid growing competition."
"Apple to set up R&D center in Shenzhen  bolster China ties " "HONG KONG Apple Inc  will set up a research and development center in China's manufacturing metropolis Shenzhen  the U.S. tech giant said on Wednesday  as the firm looks to spur growth in the world's second largest economy amid growing competition."
"Apple supplier Laird warns of sharply lower profit; shares plunge " "Apple Inc  supplier Laird Plc  said it expected to post a sharply lower profit for the year  citing a slowdown in smartphone sales and ""unprecedented"" pricing pressure  sending its shares down by as much as 50 percent."
"BUZZ-Laird: worst day ever for smartphone supplier on FY warning " "** Laird a supplier to smartphone makers including Apple  dives 47%  on course for biggest one-day drop ever  in heavy volume"
"CORRECTED-Apple supplier Laird warns on full-year profit " "Oct 19 Apple supplier Laird Plc warned on its full-year profit  saying that acceleration in production for mobile devices this year had come in much later than seen in previous cycles and that it had ""poor"" visibility in order volumes."
"UPDATE 2-Apple supplier Laird warns of sharply lower profit; shares plunge " "* Stock down as much as 50 pct - worst intraday drop   (Adds Gartner report  updates shares)"
"UPDATE 2-Taiwan's export orders beat forecast boosted by Apple iPhone " "* Oct order value to rise from Sept - ministry   (Adds analyst comments)"
"BRIEF-Apple approached Time Warner a few months ago about possible merger - WSJ " "* Apple approached Time Warner a few months ago about possible merger - WSJ  Source text: http://on.wsj.com/2e8lYhL Further company coverage:"
"Apple iPhone sales beat estimates " "Oct 25 Apple Inc sold more iPhones than Wall Street had expected in the latest quarter  and the company forecast higher-than-expected revenue for the critical holiday-shopping season."
"BRIEF-Apple Inc reports Q4 iPhone sales of 45.5 mln units " "* Q4 iPhone sales 45.5 million units versus 48.1 million units last year"
"BRIEF-Apple's 4th-qtr revenue falls 9 pct " "* Q4 earnings per share view $1.66  revenue view $46.94 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S"
"UPDATE 1-Target to offer more deals  extend free shipping until January " "NEW YORK  Oct 25 Target Corp will offer more deal-driven promotions and extend its free shipping window to January this holiday season as it looks to turn around performance in what has so far been a lackluster year for the retailer."
"Apple slips as supply woes weigh on holiday sales forecast " "Apple Inc's  shares slipped as much as 4 percent after the company said it was struggling to keep up with demand for its large-screen  higher-margin iPhone 7 Plus  potentially reducing sales and profits in the Christmas shopping period. | Video "
"Apple slips as supply woes weigh on holiday sales forecast " "Oct 26 Apple Inc's  smaller-than-expected margin forecast sent the company's shares down nearly 4 percent on Wednesday and raised concerns about its ability to capitalize on high demand for its bigger screen phones that bring in more money."
"Data Dive: Apple's big bet on India " "Despite a mixed bag in the earnings department and some troubling supply chain issues  Apple CEO Tim Cook remained upbeat about the company’s growth potential –  especially in India  where sales rose 50 percent from a year earlier."
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Apple results weigh on Wall St; oil cuts some losses " "* Declining iPhone sales push Apple stock down as much as 3.7 pct"
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Apple weighs on Wall St; oil down on supply concern " "* Apple pares some losses but still down on declining iPhone sales"
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Apple weighs on Wall St; oil  gold prices slip " "* Apple pared some losses but still down on declining iPhone sales"
"RPT-For Apple  surprise hunger for big phones leaves money on table " "Oct 25 Apple Inc said it was caught off guard by how many people want to buy its biggest smartphone  the iPhone 7 Plus  and the miscalculation may hit profits this holiday season."
"UPDATE 1-Apple slips as supply woes weigh on holiday sales forecast " "Oct 26 Apple Inc's shares slipped as much as 4 percent after the company said it was struggling to keep up with demand for its large-screen  higher-margin iPhone 7 Plus  potentially reducing sales and profits in the Christmas shopping period."
"US STOCKS-Boeing rally lifts Dow  Apple weighs on S&P  Nasdaq " "* Dow up 0.27 pct  S&P down 0.05 pct  Nasdaq down 0.32 pct   (Updates to early afternoon)"
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall St opens lower as Apple  weak oil drag " "Oct 26 U.S. stocks opened lower on Wednesday  with technology stocks coming under pressure from Apple's 3.6 percent fall and oil prices declining amid lingering fears of oversupply."
"Apple adds touch screen keys to MacBook Pro  price jump startles some " "CUPERTINO  Calif. Apple Inc unveiled a revamped MacBook Pro on Thursday  adding a fingerprint reader  replacing function keys with a small touch screen and raising prices by several hundred dollars. | Video "
"Apple expected to refresh ageing computer line with new MacBook Pro " "Oct 27 Apple Inc is expected to unveil a revamped MacBook Pro on Thursday with a fingerprint reader and faster ports  returning to the product line it build the company on after updating smartphones with the iPhone 7."
"BRIEF-Apple says new Macbook Pros available starting at $1499- event " "* Apple TV to integrate twitter streams into live games -Apple Inc event"
"Italy judge agrees tax probe settlement with head of Apple's Irish unit: source " "MILAN A Milan judge has accepted a settlement agreement with the head of Apple's Irish-based unit Apple Sales International as part of a probe into allegations the U.S. tech giant failed to pay corporate taxes in Italy to the tune of 879 million euros ($959.43 million)  a judicial source said."
"Italy judge agrees tax probe settlement with head of Apple's Irish unit-source " "MILAN  Oct 27 A Milan judge has accepted a settlement agreement with the head of Apple's Irish-based unit Apple Sales International as part of a probe into allegations the U.S. tech giant failed to pay corporate taxes in Italy to the tune of 879 million euros  a judicial source said."
"UPDATE 3-Apple adds touch screen keys to MacBook Pro  price jump startles some " "CUPERTINO  Calif.  Oct 27 Apple Inc  unveiled a revamped MacBook Pro on Thursday  adding a fingerprint reader  replacing function keys with a small touch screen and raising prices by several hundred dollars."
"Cirrus Logic surges as Wall Street plugs in high-tech earbuds " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 28 Shares of Apple supplier Cirrus Logic Inc surged 7.5 percent on Friday after its quarterly results beat expectations and Wall Street bet on the future adoption of fancy earbuds with high-end digital technology."
"Cirrus Logic surges as Wall Street plugs in high-tech earbuds " "SAN FRANCISCO Shares of Apple supplier Cirrus Logic Inc surged 7.5 percent on Friday after its quarterly results beat expectations and Wall Street bet on the future adoption of fancy earbuds with high-end digital technology."
"Norway's wealth fund removes Brexit uncertainty from UK property portfolio valuation " "OSLO  Oct 28 Norway's $870 billion sovereign wealth fund  the world's largest  has removed the valuation risk premium it had placed on its British property portfolio following Britain's vote to leave the EU  it said on Friday when publishing its full third-quarter results."
"Australia regulator on lookout for big banks buying fintech startups " "SYDNEY Australia's competition regulator will closely monitor any plans that involve the nation's big banks buying up smaller financial technology rivals or striking blockchain cooperation deals  Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) Chairman Rod Sims said on Monday."
"REFILE-INTERVIEW: Australia regulator on lookout for big banks buying fintech startups " "SYDNEY  Oct 31 Australia's competition regulator will closely monitor any plans that involve the nation's big banks buying up smaller financial technology rivals or striking blockchain cooperation deals  Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) Chairman Rod Sims said on Monday."
"Apple cash trail exposed in Korea bond sale " "* Report of tech giant's bid for KEB paper stirs fears of market boycott"
"Japan fund readies $500 mln aid for Japan Display -Asahi " "TOKYO  Nov 5 Japan Display Inc's  state-backed main investor is readying some $500 million in aid for the struggling Apple Inc supplier  whose capital has withered as smartphone sales slow  the Asahi newspaper said on Saturday."
"Samsung to launch AI assistant service for Galaxy S8 " "SEOUL  Nov 6 Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  said on Sunday it would launch an artificial intelligence digital assistant service for its upcoming Galaxy S8 smartphone  seeking to rebound from the Galaxy Note 7's collapse and differentiate its devices."
"UPDATE 1-Samsung to launch AI assistant service for Galaxy S8 " "* Tech firms' competition on AI technology intensifying   (Updates with background on Samsung)"
"NBCUniversal in deal to sell ads for Apple News " "Comcast Corp's NBCUniversal will begin selling ads for Apple Inc’s News app next year in an exclusive deal  the companies announced on Monday."
"NBCUniversal in deal to sell ads for Apple News " "Nov 7 Comcast Corp's NBCUniversal will begin selling ads for Apple Inc's News app next year in an exclusive deal  the companies announced on Monday."
"UPDATE 2-Taiwan Oct exports jump at fastest pace in two years as holiday shopping nears " "* Economy stabilising  mild recovery seen - central bank   (Adds comment by ministry  cenbank  analyst.)"
"Ireland to formally submit appeal on Apple case this week " "DUBLIN Ireland's government will this week formally submit its appeal against the European Commission's multi-billion-euro demand for back taxes from Apple  Finance Minister Michael Noonan said on Tuesday."
"BRIEF-Apple CFO Maestri sells 16 950 shares of co's common stock on Nov 7 " "* Apple Inc CFO Luca Maestri reports open market sale of 16 950 shares of co's common stock on Nov 7 at $110.03 per share - SEC filing"
"BRIEF-Third Point LLC takes share stake in Apple  ups share stake in Monsanto - SEC filing " "* Third Point LLC takes 2.5 million share stake in Apple Inc - SEC filing"
"Taiwan's Hon Hai falls in early trade " "TAIPEI  Nov 11 Shares in Taiwan's Hon Hai Precision Industry Co opened more than 2 percent lower on Friday  in line with broader market weakness."
"Apple stock extends losses after China warning about Trump " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple's  stock extended recent losses on Monday after a warning that iPhone sales could suffer if President-elect Donald Trump follows through on campaign threats to impose new tariffs on China."
"Apple stock extends losses after China warning about Trump " "SAN FRANCISCO  Nov 14 Apple's stock extended recent losses on Monday after a warning that iPhone sales could suffer if President-elect Donald Trump follows through on campaign threats to impose new tariffs on China."
"BRIEF-Greenlight Capital cuts share stake in Apple  Michael Kors " "* Greenlight Capital Inc cuts share stake in Apple Inc by 24.2 percent to 5.2 million shares - SEC Filing"
"BRIEF-Tiger Global Management raises share stake in Apple  cuts share stake in Amazon " "* Tiger Global Management takes share stake of 283 877 Class C capital stock in Alphabet Inc"
"RPT-Apple stock extends losses after China warning about Trump " "SAN FRANCISCO  Nov 14 Apple's stock extended recent losses on Monday after a warning that iPhone sales could suffer if President-elect Donald Trump follows through on campaign threats to impose new tariffs on China."
"Apple considering expansion into wearable glasses - Bloomberg " "Apple Inc is considering expanding into wearable glass headsets and has talked about the project with potential suppliers  Bloomberg reported citing people familiar with the matter."
"Apple considering expansion into wearable glasses: Bloomberg " "Apple Inc  is considering expanding into wearable glass headsets and has talked about the project with potential suppliers  Bloomberg reported citing people familiar with the matter."
"Apple considering expansion into wearable glasses - Bloomberg " "Nov 14 Apple Inc is considering expanding into wearable glass headsets and has talked about the project with potential suppliers  Bloomberg reported citing people familiar with the matter."
"Chinese consumers' body takes up complaints of iPhone shutdowns with Apple " "The China Consumers Association (CCA) has asked Apple  to investigate ""a considerable number"" of reports by users of iPhone 6 and 6s phones that the devices have been shutting off and cannot be turned back on again  it said on Tuesday."
"Taiwan stocks edge up; techs rebound " "TAIPEI  Nov 15 Taiwan shares rose after two sessions of losses as investors snapped up beaten-down stocks such as smartphone maker HTC Corp."
"Apple  tech stocks show signs of life after Trump thump " "** Shares of Apple gain 2.3 pct on Wednesday in their biggest increase since President-elect Donald Trump's surprise election victory a week ago"
"Apple  tech stocks show signs of life after Trump thump " "Shares of Apple gain 2.3 pct on Wednesday in their biggest increase since President-elect Donald Trump's surprise election victory a week ago"
"Taiwan to ask for removal of Uber apps from Apple  Google app stores " "TAIPEI  Nov 16 Taiwan plans to ask Apple Inc  and Alphabet Inc's Google to pull apps of Uber Technologies available in Taiwan on their app stores  a government official said  upping pressure on the ride-hailing firm that is locked in a dispute with the island."
"Taiwan to ask for removal of Uber apps from Apple  Google app stores " "TAIPEI Taiwan plans to ask Apple Inc  and Alphabet Inc's  Google to pull apps of Uber Technologies available in Taiwan on their app stores  a government official said  upping pressure on the ride-hailing firm that is locked in a dispute with the island."
"BRIEF-Foxconn studying possibility of moving iPhone production to U.S. - Nikkei " "* Hon Hai Precision Industry has been studying the possibility of moving iPhone production to the U.S. - Nikkei"
"Taiwan stocks rise; TSMC  Hon Hai track Apple shares higher " "TAIPEI  Nov 17 Taiwan stocks rose on Thursday  led by Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co and other Apple Inc suppliers after Apple shares gained more than 2 percent in U.S. trading on Wednesday."
"BRIEF-Apple abandons development of wireless routers - Bloomberg  citing sources " "* Apple abandons development of wireless routers - Bloomberg  citing sources"
"Australian regulator to block collective bank bargaining on Apple payment system " "SYDNEY  Nov 29 Australia's antitrust regulator said on Tuesday it was planning to deny some banks authorisation to collectively bargain with Apple Inc in relation to its mobile digital payment system."
"Australian regulator set to oppose collective bank bargaining on Apple Pay " "SYDNEY Australia's antitrust regulator said on Tuesday it is likely to deny four local banks permission to collectively bargain with Apple Inc  in relation to its mobile digital payments system."
"CORRECTED-UPDATE 1-Australian regulator opposes collective bank bargaining on Apple Pay " "SYDNEY  Nov 29 Three of Australia's four biggest banks will be barred from collectively bargaining with Apple Inc  in relation to its mobile digital payments system  under a draft decision released by the antitrust regulator on Tuesday."
"Taiwan stocks rise to near 3-week high; techs up " "TAIPEI  Nov 29 Taiwan stocks rose for a third straight session on Tuesday and hit an almost three-week high  helped by technology heavyweights such as Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co (TSMC) and Hon Hai Precision Industry ."
"UPDATE 3-Australian regulator set to oppose collective bank bargaining on Apple Pay " "* Setback for banks looking to roll out their own digital wallets"
"Cook ups Apple support for fight against AIDS " "Apple Inc  is expanding its support for the fight against AIDS through the (RED) charity founded by rock singer Bono  Chief Executive Tim Cook said in an interview ahead of World Aids Day."
"Apple shows ambition to get into self-driving car race " "WASHINGTON Apple Inc  is wading in to the debate over regulation of self-driving cars  declaring it is excited about the potential for automated transportation and calling on U.S. regulators not to restrict testing of such vehicles."
"Wall Street little changed as bank rally pauses " "U.S. stocks ended little changed on Friday after a payrolls report did little to recast expectations for an interest rate hike from the Federal Reserve this month and bank stocks cooled to round out their fourth straight week of gains. | Video "
"Apple Watch sales to consumers set record in holiday week  says Apple's Cook " "SAN FRANCISCO Sales of the Apple Watch to consumers set a record during the first week of holiday shopping  and the current quarter is on track to be the best ever for the product  Apple Inc  Chief Executive Tim Cook told Reuters. | Video "
"California EPA says settled with Apple on hazardous waste claims " "The California Environmental Protection Agency on Tuesday said Apple Inc agreed to pay $450 000 to settle state claims that it had mishandled hazardous electronic waste at facilities in Silicon Valley."
"Cyber security start-up Secdo raises $10 million " "TEL AVIV Secdo has raised $10 million in a funding round led by RDC  a subsidiary of Israel's Elron Electronic Industries and Rafael  Check Point Software co-founder Marius Nacht  and the founders of Anobit  which was acquired by Apple."
"Trump's corporate tax holiday could spur pharma M&A " "U.S. President-elect Donald Trump's plan to incentivize U.S. companies to repatriate their swelling overseas cash piles could spur a new wave of dealmaking in a pharmaceutical industry seeking to buy its way into growth."
"Discounts  advertising spur brisk Apple Watch sales " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Watch sales appear to have rebounded for the holidays from mid-year doldrums on a redesign  price cuts and strong promotions  but analysts say long-term demand has yet to be proven. | Video "
"Foxconn says in preliminary discussions to expand U.S. operations " "TAIPEI Foxconn  the world's largest contract electronics manufacturer and a major Apple Inc  supplier  said on Wednesday that it was in preliminary discussions to expand its operations in the United States. | Video "
"SoftBank's Son pledges $50 billion  Foxconn eyes U.S. expansion as Trump woos Asian firms " "NEW YORK Two of Asia's biggest technology companies said they were looking to expand investment in the United States  as President-elect Donald Trump pushes to bring manufacturing and jobs back home. | Video "
"U.S. Supreme Court backs Samsung in smartphone fight with Apple " "The U.S. Supreme Court on Tuesday sided with Samsung in its big-money smartphone patent fight with Apple  throwing out an appeals court ruling that the South Korean company had to pay a $399 million penalty to its American rival for copying key iPhone designs."
"Apple in talks to invest $1 billion in SoftBank tech fund: source " "Apple Inc  has held talks to invest up to $1 billion in a new $100 billion tech fund being set up by Japan's SoftBank Group Corp   a source familiar with the matter told Reuters on Monday."
"Apple AirPod headphones available for sale after two-month delay " "Apple Inc  said on Tuesday its wireless AirPod headphones were now available through its website  two months after the company delayed their launch for unexplained reasons."
"Apple can sell iPhone 7s in Indonesia after R&D investment commitment " "JAKARTA Apple Inc has committed to invest around $44 million in a research and development center in Indonesia over the next three years  a senior government official said  enabling it to start selling its latest iPhone 7 in the Southeast Asian nation."
"Porsche race car engineer joins Apple: source " "FRANKFURT Apple poached the technical director of Porsche's race car program earlier this year  a company source said on Friday  hiring a project manager who helped engineer the sports car company's victorious return to the Le Mans endurance race."
"With bylaw tweaks  Apple grants activist one of three wishes " "BOSTON/SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc's board relaxed some rules for director nominations by outside investors but stopped short of broader changes sought by an activist shareholder."
"Apple appeals against EU tax ruling  Brussels says no cause for low tax bill " "BRUSSELS Apple Inc.  appealed on Monday against a $14-billion tax demand as the European Union issued details of its ruling that the iPhone maker won sweetheart tax deals from the Irish government which amounted to illegal subsidies. | Video "
"Ireland accuses EU of exceeding power in Apple tax case " "DUBLIN Ireland accused the European Commission on Monday of exceeding its powers and interfering with the EU member's national sovereignty over tax affairs in ruling that Apple  owes Dublin billions of euros in taxes  saying it had failed to give proper reasons for its decision."
"Irish fight yesterday's tax war with Apple spat " "LONDON (Reuters Breakingviews) - Ireland and Apple's tax tussle with the European Commission could be the last big case of its kind  if U.S. President-elect Donald Trump's desire to let domestic companies repatriate cash is more than a one-off. Dublin on Monday appealed commission demands for the U.S. tech giant to pay the country 13 billion euros ($13.6 billion) in back taxes  saying it had misapplied state aid rules and was confused about international tax law. Senior Apple executives told Reu"
"Apple's new AirPods tough to recycle: report " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc's  new wireless headphones could be a problem for recyclers  according to an electronics firm that took apart the device to review its component parts."
"Nokia files more patent suits against Apple " "HELSINKI Finnish telecoms networks equipment maker Nokia  said on Thursday it had filed a new set of patent lawsuits against Apple Inc  in Asia  Europe and the United States. | Video "
"Nokia shares fall on patent dispute with Apple " "HELSINKI/BELGRADE Nokia  shares fell by nearly 5 percent on Thursday in Helsinki as analysts warned a legal battle with Apple  could delay for years royalty payments that are vital to shoring up the Finnish company's profits."
"Nokia sues Apple for infringing patents  industry back on war footing " "BELGRADE/HELSINKI Nokia Corp  said on Wednesday it had filed a number of lawsuits against Apple Inc  for violating 32 technology patents  striking back at the iPhone maker's legal action targeting the one-time cellphone industry leader a day earlier. | Video "
"Apple to cut iPhone production in first quarter of 2017: report " "Apple Inc  will trim production of iPhones by about 10 percent in the January-March quarter of 2017  the Nikkei financial daily reported on Thursday  citing calculations based on data from suppliers."
"Apple partner Wistron seeks to expand India smartphone parts plant: government official " "MUMBAI Smartphone component maker Wistron Corp  which counts Apple Inc among its customers  has applied for permission to expand its plant in the Indian city of Bengaluru  a high-ranking regional government official said on Monday."
"Apple confirms $1 billion investment in SoftBank tech fund " "Apple Inc  confirmed on Wednesday its plans to invest $1 billion in a tech fund being set up by Japan's SoftBank Group Corp ."
"Apple pulls New York Times apps in China after government request " "BEIJING Apple Inc  has removed the New York Times Co's  English- and Chinese-language news apps from its iTunes store in China following a request from the local authorities  the companies said separately on Thursday. | Video "
"Apple's App Store generated $20 billion for developers in 2016 " "Apple Inc  said on Thursday its App Store generated $20 billion for developers in 2016  a 40 percent increase from 2015  helped by the popularity of games such as Pokemon Go and Super Mario Run and increased revenue from subscriptions."
"Factbox: Apps removed from Apple's China app store " "Apple Inc  removed the New York Times Co's  news apps from its app store in China on Dec. 23  following a request from the Chinese authorities. An Apple spokesman said the company had been informed that the app was ""in violation of local regulations""."
"India reluctant to give special tax incentives to Apple " "India is resisting tech giant Apple Inc's  demand for tax incentives to make iPhones in the country  with the trade minister saying on Thursday that the government may not make exceptions for the U.S. company."
"Apple plans first retail store in South Korea  posts hiring notices " "SEOUL Apple Inc  said it was planning to open a retail store in South Korea  its first in the country that is home to its smartphone archrival Samsung Electronics Co Ltd . | Video "
"BRIEF-Apple Inc's CEO Tim Cook's total 2016 compensation was $8.7 mln versus $10.3 mln last year " "* Apple Inc - CFO Luca Maestri's 2016 total compensation was $22.8 million versus $25.3 million in 2015"
"Canada's competition watchdog closes two-year Apple probe " "TORONTO Canada's Competition Bureau on Friday said it had not found sufficient evidence that Apple Inc had engaged in anti-competitive conduct  closing a two-year investigation into the iPhone maker."
"Canada's competition watchdog closes two-year Apple probe " "TORONTO  Jan 6 Canada's Competition Bureau on Friday said it had not found sufficient evidence that Apple Inc  had engaged in anti-competitive conduct  closing a two-year investigation into the iPhone maker."
"US STOCKS-Boosted by Apple  Wall Street parties like it's 19 999 " "* Indexes up: Dow 0.47 pct  S&P 0.56 pct  Nasdaq 0.86 pct   (Updates to afternoon)"
"Australia shares likely to open higher  NZ flat " "Jan 9 Australian shares are expected to trade higher on Monday  mirroring gains on Wall Street that saw the Nasdaq and S&P500 hit record-highs on Friday  boosted by Apple Inc.     The record trading session followed a U.S. Labor Department report that showed the economy added fewer-than-expected jobs last month but wages increased  suggesting resilience in the labor market.[ nL1N1EV1GW]     The local share price index futures rose 0.2 pct to 5 730  a 25.6 point discount to the underl"
"China's WeChat seeks slice of Apple's app store with 'mini' function " "BEIJING China's largest mobile social media network WeChat is offering its 768 million users a function which allows them to by-pass app stores such as Apple's ."
"China's WeChat seeks slice of Apple's app store with ""mini"" function " "BEIJING  Jan 10 China's largest mobile social media network WeChat is offering its 768 million users a function which allows them to by-pass app stores such as Apple's ."
"Tesla taps Apple engineer for Autopilot software " "Electric carmaker Tesla Motors Inc  has hired a key Apple Inc  software engineer to oversee its Autopilot self-driving software efforts  Tesla said in a blog post Tuesday."
"Tesla taps Apple engineer for Autopilot software " "Jan 10 Electric carmaker Tesla Motors Inc  has hired a key Apple Inc software engineer to oversee its Autopilot self-driving software efforts  Tesla said in a blog post Tuesday."
"Taiwan's TSMC chief praises Trump's U.S. jobs goal as fourth-quarter profit sets record " "TAIPEI The chief of Taiwan's TSMC   the world's largest contract chipmaker and a major Apple Inc  supplier  on Thursday praised the goal of U.S. President-elect Donald Trump to create more jobs in the United States."
"Taiwan's TSMC Q4 net rises 37.6 pct y/y to quarterly record  beats estimates " "TAIPEI  Jan 12 Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co Ltd (TSMC)  the world's largest contract chipmaker and major supplier to Apple Inc  said on Thursday its net profit in the fourth quarter of last year rose 37.6 percent from a year earlier to T$100.2 billion ($3.15 billion)  a quarterly record."
"UPDATE 1-U.S. appeals court revives antitrust lawsuit against Apple " "SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 12 iPhone app purchasers may sue Apple Inc over allegations that the company monopolized the market for iPhone apps by not allowing users to purchase them outside the App Store  leading to higher prices  a U.S. appeals court ruled on Thursday."
"UPDATE 2-Taiwan's TSMC chief praises Trump's US jobs goal as Q4 profit sets record " "* Q4 net profit rises 38 pct to quarterly record of $3.2 bln   (Adds more comments from TSMC executives)"
"U.S. appeals court revives antitrust lawsuit against Apple " "SAN FRANCISCO iPhone app purchasers may sue Apple Inc over allegations that the company monopolized the market for iPhone apps by not allowing users to purchase them outside the App Store  leading to higher prices  a U.S. appeals court ruled on Thursday."
"U.S. appeals court revives antitrust lawsuit against Apple " "SAN FRANCISCO iPhone app purchasers may sue Apple Inc over allegations that the company monopolized the market for iPhone apps by not allowing users to purchase them outside the App Store  leading to higher prices  a U.S. appeals court ruled on Thursday."
