"Google pays $1.4 million fine in Italy over StreetView concerns " "MILAN Google has paid a 1 million euro ($1.4 million) fine imposed by Italy's data protection watchdog over complaints that cars it used to record images on Italian streets in 2010 were not clearly recognizable  the regulator said on Thursday."
"Google's Nest halts home alarm system sales over possible defect " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 3 Nest Labs Inc  the maker of smart thermostats that Google Inc acquired for $3.2 billion  called a halt to all sales of its smoke alarms on Thursday after it discovered a possible defect that could cause users to turn it off unintentionally."
"Google's Nest halts home alarm system sales over possible defect " "SAN FRANCISCO Nest Labs Inc  the maker of smart thermostats that Google Inc acquired for $3.2 billion  called a halt to all sales of its smoke alarms on Thursday after it discovered a possible defect that could cause users to turn it off unintentionally."
"REFILE-Google pays 1 mln euro fine in Italy over StreetView concerns " "(Removes line on Google not responding to requests for comment)"
"US STOCKS-Futures little changed ahead of initial claims data " "NEW YORK  April 3 U.S. stock index futures were little changed on Thursday  after the S&P 500 set a record for a second straight day  ahead of data on the labor market and services sector."
"US STOCKS-Wall St little changed after claims  ISM data " "* Indexes off: Dow 0.07 pct  S&P 0.11 pct  Nasdaq 0.37 pct   (Updates to open  adds ISM data)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St to open flat after claims data; ISM on tap " "* Futures: Dow 7 pts  S&P 0.25 pt  Nasdaq off 1.5 pts   (Adds data  ECB announcement  updates prices)"
"Internet companies' growing ambitions spook 51 percent of Americans: Reuters/Ipsos poll " "SAN FRANCISCO The personal data gathering abilities of Google  Facebook and other tech companies has sparked growing unease among Americans  with a majority worried that Internet companies are encroaching too much upon their lives  a new poll showed."
"Retailers push into crowded mobile payment market " "BERLIN Big retailers are muscling in on the likes of Visa  MasterCard and Google in a fiercely competitive and growing mobile payment market that promises to cut transaction costs and increase customer loyalty."
"Retailers push into crowded mobile payment market " "* Mobile payments can cut retailers' costs  boost service-study"
"RPT-Retailers push into crowded mobile payment market " "* Mobile payments can cut retailers' costs  boost service-study"
"Big push into gaming brings out Amazon's gentler side " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc  a company known for its ruthless drive  is courting the free-wheeling coders and dreamers of the gaming industry with a lighter touch as it seeks to break into an arena now dominated by Apple and Google."
"Big push into gaming brings out Amazon's gentler side " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 8 Amazon.com Inc  a company known for its ruthless drive  is courting the free-wheeling coders and dreamers of the gaming industry with a lighter touch as it seeks to break into an arena now dominated by Apple and Google."
"Comcast defends Time Warner Cable deal as U.S. review kicks off " "WASHINGTON/NEW YORK Comcast Corp sought to rebut critics of its planned $45.2 billion takeover of Time Warner Cable Inc  arguing that newcomers like Google Inc and Apple Inc would ensure competition in both Internet and video markets."
"UPDATE 3-Comcast defends Time Warner Cable deal as U.S. review kicks off " "* Says merger would not eliminate cable or broadband competition   (Recasts throughout; adds details on broadband market)"
"Google to sell Glass to public next week " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 10 Google Inc  will take online orders for its Glass wearable gadget on April 15  in its biggest push to get the $1 500 wraparound Web-ready glasses out to the U.S. public."
"Google to sell Glass to public next week " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc will take online orders for its Glass wearable gadget on April 15  in its biggest push to get the $1 500 wraparound Web-ready glasses out to the U.S. public."
"Motorola Mobility names Rick Osterloh as COO ahead of Lenovo buy " "April 10 Motorola Mobility has named Rick Osterloh as its chief operating officer  reporting to the Motorola Operating Board at Google Inc until its acquisition by Lenovo Group Ltd is completed."
"Motorola Mobility names Rick Osterloh as COO ahead of Lenovo buy " "Motorola Mobility has named Rick Osterloh as its chief operating officer  reporting to the Motorola Operating Board at Google Inc until its acquisition by Lenovo Group Ltd is completed."
"COLUMN-How to avoid the trouble coming to the tech sector " "(The opinions expressed here are those of the author  a columnist for Reuters.)"
"CORRECTED-Google to buy drone-maker Titan Aerospace " "(Corrects reference to Facebook acquisition talks in third paragraph to show it was based on Media reports in March from Facebook saying in March)"
"Deals of the day- Mergers and acquisitions " "(Adds Google  Twitter  Glencore Xstrata  TIAA-CREF; Updates Disney  ThyssenKrupp  Glencore  Insurer Endurance)"
"Google spells out email scanning practices in new terms of service " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 14 Google Inc   updated its terms of service on Monday  informing users that their incoming and outgoing emails are automatically analyzed by software to create targeted ads."
"Google to buy drone-maker Titan Aerospace " "Google Inc has acquired solar-powered drone maker Titan Aerospace as the Web search giant ramps up plans to deliver wireless Internet access to remote parts of the world."
"Google unveils email scanning practices in new terms of service " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc updated its terms of service on Monday  informing users that their incoming and outgoing emails are automatically analyzed by software to create targeted ads."
"How to avoid the trouble coming to the tech sector " "CHICAGO A resounding shot across the bow has been fired at the tech sector in recent weeks. The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index is down nearly 5 percent in April through Friday's close and the Nasdaq Biotechnology Index is off 21 percent from its record closing high on February 25. Many of the sector's flagships and newcomers have been in the crosshairs."
"UPDATE 1-Facebook plans to provide mobile payment services -FT " "April 14 Facebook Inc is preparing to join the mobile-payments race with remittances and electronic-money services on the social network  the Financial Times reported on Sunday  citing several people involved in the process."
"UPDATE 1-Google to buy drone-maker Titan Aerospace " "April 14 Google Inc  has acquired solar-powered drone maker Titan Aerospace as the Web search giant ramps up plans to deliver wireless Internet access to remote parts of the world."
"UPDATE 1-Google unveils email scanning practices in new terms of service " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 14 Google Inc   updated its terms of service on Monday  informing users that their incoming and outgoing emails are automatically analyzed by software to create targeted ads."
"Google to buy drone-maker Titan Aerospace " "Google Inc has acquired solar-powered drone maker Titan Aerospace as the Web search giant ramps up plans to deliver wireless Internet access to remote parts of the world. | Video "
"Vevo says widens ties with Yahoo over its music videos " "April 14 Yahoo Inc and Vevo  an online music video hub that provides some of the most popular content on Google's YouTube  have expanded their content and regional partnership  Vevo said Monday amid mounting competition for online viewers."
"Vevo widens ties with Yahoo over its music videos " "Yahoo Inc and Vevo  an online music video hub that provides some of the most popular content on Google's YouTube  have expanded their content and regional partnership  Vevo said Monday amid mounting competition for online viewers."
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Shares rally on China growth relief; dollar slips " "* China GDP grows 7.4 pct  slightly ahead of forecasts     * European shares rebound  Wall Street rallies  Yahoo shines     * Oil rises close to $110 on mounting Ukraine tension   (Adds close of U.S. markets  Google  IBM results)     By Herbert Lash     NEW YORK  April 16 Global equity markets advanced broadly on Wednesday after China reported growth that beat expectations  providing relief to investors worried about the Chinese economy  while the dollar eased on the growing view the"
"Google first-quarter revenue misses Wall Street targets " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc's first-quarter revenue fell short of Wall Street targets and margins narrowed as the price of its ads continued to decline  pushing its shares sharply lower."
"UPDATE 2-Google Q1 revenue misses Wall Street targets " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 16 Google Inc's   first-quarter revenue fell short of Wall Street targets and margins narrowed as the price of its ads continued to decline  pushing its shares sharply lower."
"UPDATE 2-RWE's net profit to stabilise at lower level  CEO says " "* Enters cooperation with Google's Nest to sell thermostats"
"Earnings lift S&P 500  Nasdaq; S&P's best week since July " "NEW YORK Stocks ended a holiday-shortened week with mostly modest gains on Thursday  though the S&P 500 notched its biggest weekly advance since July as Morgan Stanley and General Electric rallied after strong results. | Video "
"Fidelity biotech fund among worst performers in April sell-off " "BOSTON One of the biotechnology sector's worst two-week declines in the past decade has clobbered one of Fidelity Investments' hottest funds."
"Google still a top pick for Wall Street  despite mobile ad challenges " "Google Inc's disappointing first-quarter results left Wall Street unfazed about the internet giant's ability to come to grips with the shift to the fast-growing mobile advertising market."
"Patent consortium Rockstar loses bid to move Google case " "SAN FRANCISCO A U.S. judge on Thursday rejected a request by patent consortium Rockstar to transfer patent litigation from Google Inc's home turf in California to Texas  according to a court ruling."
"Patent lawsuit against Google to be fought in California -ruling " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 17 A federal judge in California on Thursday rejected a request by patent consortium Rockstar to transfer patent litigation against Google Inc  to Texas  according to a court ruling."
"REFILE-US STOCKS-Wall St little changed amid earnings flurry " "(Replaces extraneous word ""market"" for ""most"" in quote in 6th paragraph )"
"UPDATE 1-Patent consortium Rockstar loses bid to move Google case " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 17 A U.S. judge on Thursday rejected a request by patent consortium Rockstar to transfer patent litigation from Google Inc's home turf in California to Texas  according to a court ruling."
"UPDATE 2-Patent consortium Rockstar loses bid to move Google case " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 17 A U.S. judge on Thursday rejected a request by patent consortium Rockstar to transfer patent litigation from Google Inc's home turf in California to Texas  according to a court ruling."
"US STOCKS-Earnings lift S&P 500  Nasdaq; S&P's best week since July " "* S&P 500 scores biggest weekly percentage gain since July"
"US STOCKS-Wall St edges higher during earnings flurry " "* Jobless claims rise less than expected; Philly Fed jumps"
"Apple  Google vie to offer exclusive game apps: WSJ " "Apple Inc and Google Inc are wooing game developers to ensure that top game titles arrive first on devices powered by their respective operating system  the Wall Street Journal reported  citing people familiar with the matter."
"Apple  Google vie to offer exclusive game apps - WSJ " "April 20 Apple Inc and Google Inc  are wooing game developers to ensure that top game titles arrive first on devices powered by their respective operating system  the Wall Street Journal reported  citing people familiar with the matter."
"COLUMN-Climate is right for clean energy firms " "(The opinions expressed here are those of the author  a columnist for Reuters.)"
"Mobile payment startup Square plans sale as losses widen - WSJ " "April 21 Square Inc has been in talks with several rivals for a possible sale as the mobile payments startup looks to stem widening losses and dwindling cash  the Wall Street Journal reported  citing people familiar with the matter."
"Mobile payment startup Square plans sale as losses widen: WSJ " "Square Inc has been in talks with several rivals for a possible sale as the mobile payments startup looks to stem widening losses and dwindling cash  the Wall Street Journal reported  citing people familiar with the matter."
"US STOCKS-Futures edge up as investors await earnings onslaught " "* S&P 500 coming off biggest weekly percentage gain since July"
"US STOCKS-Futures flat as investors await earnings onslaught " "* S&P 500 coming off biggest weekly percentage gain since July"
"Google extends reach into mobile apps with new ad feature " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 22 Google Inc  will allow marketers to run online ads that send consumers to a page directly inside a mobile app  furthering the Internet company's effort to extend its multibillion-dollar advertising business to smartphones."
"RWE eyes bigger role in energy saving business " "ESSEN  Germany  April 23 German utility RWE  plans to sell more energy saving products  its head of strategy said  as it strives to offset some of the losses made by its power plants across Europe."
"Apple  Google agree to settle antitrust lawsuit over hiring deals-filing " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 24 Four major tech companies including Apple and Google have agreed to settle a large antitrust lawsuit over no-hire agreements in Silicon Valley  according to a court filing on Thursday."
"Apple  Google agree to settle lawsuit alleging hiring conspiracy " "SAN FRANCISCO Four major tech companies including Apple and Google have agreed to settle a lawsuit accusing them of conspiring to hold down salaries in Silicon Valley  just weeks before a high profile trial had been scheduled to begin."
"Exclusive: Apple  Google agree to pay over $300 million to settle conspiracy lawsuit " "SAN FRANCISCO Four major tech companies including Apple and Google have agreed to pay a total of $324 million to settle a lawsuit accusing them of conspiring to hold down salaries in Silicon Valley  sources familiar with the deal said  just weeks before a high profile trial had been scheduled to begin."
"EXCLUSIVE-Apple  Google agree to pay over $300 mln to settle conspiracy lawsuit " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 24 Four major tech companies including Apple and Google have agreed to pay a total of $324 million to settle a lawsuit accusing them of conspiring to hold down salaries in Silicon Valley  sources familiar with the deal said  just weeks before a high profile trial had been scheduled to begin."
"Google executive Gundotra leaving company " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 24 Google Inc   executive Vic Gundotra announced on Thursday that he is leaving the Internet search company after eight years.    (Reporting by Alexei Oreskovic)"
"Google social networking boss Gundotra leaving company " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc's head of social networking services  Vic Gundotra  is leaving the Internet search company  he said on Thursday  three years after overseeing the launch of the Google+ social network."
"PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - April 24 " "April 24 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy."
"UPDATE 1-Big tech companies offer millions after Heartbleed crisis " "(Adds comments from Google and Linux Foundation officials)"
"UPDATE 2-Google social networking boss Gundotra leaving company " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 24 Google Inc's   head of social networking services  Vic Gundotra  is leaving the Internet search company  he said on Thursday  three years after overseeing the launch of the Google+ social network."
"Exclusive: Apple  Google to pay $324 million to settle conspiracy lawsuit " "SAN FRANCISCO Four major tech companies including Apple and Google have agreed to pay a total of $324 million to settle a lawsuit accusing them of conspiring to hold down salaries in Silicon Valley  sources familiar with the deal said  just weeks before a high profile trial had been scheduled to begin."
"UPDATE 2-U.S. appeals court revives Apple patent lawsuit against Google " "WASHINGTON  April 25 A U.S. appeals court on Friday revived patent claims Apple made against Google's Motorola Mobility unit that had been dismissed shortly before trial  giving the iPhone maker another chance to seek a sales ban against its smartphone competitor."
"U.S. appeals court revives an Apple patent lawsuit against Google " "WASHINGTON  April 25 A U.S. appeals court on Friday revived patent claims Apple made against Google subsidiary Motorola Mobility over mobile phone technology that had been dismissed by an Illinois court."
"U.S. appeals court revives Apple patent lawsuit against Google " "WASHINGTON A U.S. appeals court on Friday revived patent claims Apple made against Google's Motorola Mobility unit that had been dismissed shortly before trial  giving the iPhone maker another chance to seek a sales ban against its smartphone competitor."
"Google says self-driving car tests now focused on city driving " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 28 Google Inc  said it has begun testing its self-driving cars on city streets  a crucial new phase in its quest to eventually make the technology a standard feature in automobiles."
"Google says self-driving car tests now focused on city driving " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc said it has begun testing its self-driving cars on city streets  a crucial new phase in its quest to eventually make the technology a standard feature in automobiles."
"Microsoft raises cloud pitch  targets Dropbox  Box " "April 28 Microsoft Corp said it will increase its cloud storage offering for business users by 40-fold as the world's largest software company makes a case for businesses buying an all-in-one product from itself rather than buying technology ""piecemeal"" from multiple sellers."
"UPDATE 2-Apple  Samsung make final pitches to U.S. jury in patent trial " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  April 29 Apple has vastly exaggerated the importance of its patented iPhone features  a Samsung attorney said on Tuesday as the two companies delivered closing arguments to jurors after a month-long trial over mobile technology."
"Facebook launches mobile ad network to vie with Google  Twitter " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 30 Facebook Inc  rolled out a new service that it envisions will distribute ads across a network of mobile applications  opening the door to a new source of revenue for the Internet social network."
"Facebook lets users limit data shared with apps " "SAN FRANCISCO Facebook introduced new features on Wednesday that let users limit how much personal information they share with third-party mobile apps  a move meant to quell privacy concerns as the social network seeks to become a top entry port to the Internet."
"Success brings sanctions for Putin's judo partner " "MOSCOW Fortune has smiled on judo coach Arkady Rotenberg  bringing his businesses Google-like growth and a key role in staging the Winter Olympics. It has now brought down on him the wrath of the United States government."
"Success brings sanctions for Putin's judo partner " "* Sanctioned businessman is Putin's childhood judo partner"
"RPT-Success brings sanctions for Putin's judo partner " "* Sanctioned businessman is Putin's childhood judo partner"
"UPDATE 2-Lazard profit doubles as global M&A volumes soar " "* M&A and other advisory fees double   (Updates share price  adds Breakingviews link)"
"Activists sue San Francisco over controversial tech bus program " "SAN FRANCISCO Activists have sued the city and county of San Francisco over a pilot program giving shuttles run by Google and other private companies access to municipal bus stops  claiming it favors higher-paid technology workers over low-income residents."
"Activists sue San Francisco over controversial tech bus program " "SAN FRANCISCO  May 2 Activists have sued the city and county of San Francisco over a pilot program giving shuttles run by Google and other private companies access to municipal bus stops  claiming it favors higher-paid technology workers over low-income residents."
"Google faces antitrust lawsuit on U.S. mobile internet search " "Consumer rights law firm Hagens Berman said it filed a nationwide antitrust class-action lawsuit against Google Inc alleging the company ""illegally monopolized"" the Internet and mobile search market in the United States."
"Google faces antitrust lawsuit on US mobile internet search " "May 1 Consumer rights law firm Hagens Berman said it filed a nationwide antitrust class-action lawsuit against Google Inc alleging the company ""illegally monopolized"" the Internet and mobile search market in the United States."
"UPDATE 1-Google faces antitrust lawsuit on US mobile internet search " "May 2 Consumer rights law firm Hagens Berman said it filed a nationwide antitrust class-action lawsuit against Google Inc alleging the company ""illegally monopolized"" the Internet and mobile search market in the United States."
"Activists sue San Francisco over controversial tech bus program " "SAN FRANCISCO Activists have sued the city and county of San Francisco over a pilot program giving shuttles run by Google and other private companies access to municipal bus stops  claiming it favors higher-paid technology workers over low-income residents."
"HP to invest over $1 billion in open-source cloud computing " "Hewlett-Packard Co said it plans to invest more than $1 billion over the next two years to develop and offer cloud-computing products and services."
"HP to invest over $1 bln in open-source cloud computing " "May 7 Hewlett-Packard Co said it plans to invest more than $1 billion over the next two years to develop and offer cloud-computing products and services."
"Tech firms write to U.S. FCC to oppose 'net neutrality' plan " "WASHINGTON Over 100 leading technology companies  including Google Inc  Facebook Inc  Twitter Inc and Amazon.com Inc  have written to U.S. telecom regulators to oppose a new ""net neutrality"" plan that would regulate how Internet providers manage web traffic."
"Tech companies urge U.S. FCC to scrap 'net neutrality' plan " "WASHINGTON More than 100 technology companies  including Google Inc  Facebook Inc  Twitter Inc and Amazon.com Inc  have written to U.S. telecom regulators to oppose a new ""net neutrality"" plan that would regulate how Internet providers manage Web traffic."
"As big ad deal falls apart  firms start thinking small " "NEW YORK/LONDON The collapse of the $35 billion merger of New York-based Omnicom with France's Publicis is likely to lead the world's biggest ad agencies to think small as they try to counter the challenge from internet giants like Google."
"Plaintiff in tech hiring suit asks judge to reject settlement " "May 12 One of the plaintiffs in a lawsuit that accuses tech firms including Apple Inc and Google Inc  of conspiring to hold down salaries has asked the court to reject a $324 million settlement negotiated by his own lawyers."
"Plaintiff in tech hiring suit asks judge to reject settlement " "One of the plaintiffs in a lawsuit that accuses tech firms including Apple Inc and Google Inc of conspiring to hold down salaries has asked the court to reject a $324 million settlement negotiated by his own lawyers."
"CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-Google gets take-down requests after European court ruling -source " "(Corrects number of citizens in third paragraph to 500 million from 500)"
"Google gets take-down requests after European court ruling: source " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc is already getting requests to remove objectionable personal information from its search engine after Europe's top court ruled that subjects have the ""right to be forgotten "" a source familiar with the matter said on Wednesday."
"Google gets take-down requests after European court ruling-source " "SAN FRANCISCO  May 14 Google Inc is already getting requests to remove objectionable personal information from its search engine after Europe's top court ruled that subjects have the ""right to be forgotten "" a source familiar with the matter said on Wednesday."
"Google Glass goes back on sale in U.S. but still in beta " "May 13 Anyone in the United States with $1 500 can now buy Google Inc's still-in-beta Google Glass  the Internet company said on a blogpost on Tuesday."
"Google hopes test drives steer Americans to embrace its robot cars " "MOUNTAIN VIEW  Calif.  May 13 Google Inc's   self-driving car technology likely will not be available for several more years. But the Internet company is already beginning the job of making the public comfortable with the futuristic vehicles."
"Google hopes test drives steer Americans to embrace its robot cars " "MOUNTAIN VIEW  California Google Inc's self-driving car technology likely will not be available for several more years. But the Internet company is already beginning the job of making the public comfortable with the futuristic vehicles."
"EU's Almunia sees Google antitrust decision after summer break " "ST GALLEN  Switzerland  May 15 EU regulators plan to issue a final decision on their competition probe into Google after the summer break  the EU's antitrust chief said  after rivals such as Microsoft complained about how Google displays Internet search results."
"Major U.S. hedge funds sold 'momentum' Internet names in 1st qtr " "NEW YORK  May 15 Top hedge funds shed their stakes in high-profile Internet names such as Netflix Inc  and Groupon Inc in the first quarter  moving to peers viewed as more mature and less volatile."
"Apple  Google agree to settle smartphone patent litigation " "SAN FRANCISCO  May 16 Apple and Google's Motorola Mobility unit have agreed to dismiss high profile U.S. patent litigation against each other over smartphone technology  according to a court filing on Friday."
"Apple  Google settle smartphone patent litigation " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc and Google Inc's Motorola Mobility unit have agreed to settle all patent litigation between them over smartphone technology  ending one of the highest profile lawsuits in technology."
"UPDATE 1-Apple  Google settle smartphone patent litigation " "SAN FRANCISCO  May 16 Apple Inc and Google Inc's Motorola Mobility unit have agreed to settle all patent litigation between them over smartphone technology  ending one of the highest profile lawsuits in technology."
"Apple  Google settle smartphone patent litigation " "SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc and Google Inc's Motorola Mobility unit have agreed to settle all patent litigation between them over smartphones  ending one of the highest-profile lawsuits in technology."
"EU President hopeful Schulz urges checks on Google's power " "BERLIN  May 17 Martin Schulz  the centre-left's candidate to lead the European Commission after EU parliamentary elections this month  has joined calls for Google's  market dominance to be subject to strict regulation."
"Italy investigates mobile app practices at Apple  Google  Amazon " "MILAN  May 17 U.S. tech giants Apple  Google and Amazon and French game developer Gameloft are under investigation in Italy for alleged unfair commercial practices  the country's antitrust and competition authority said."
"Italy investigates mobile app practices at Apple  Google  Amazon " "MILAN U.S. tech giants Apple  Google and Amazon and French game developer Gameloft are under investigation in Italy for alleged unfair commercial practices  the country's antitrust and competition authority said."
"UPDATE 2-Apple  Google settle smartphone patent litigation " "(Adds additional details about smartphone market  in paragraphs 6-8  11  13)"
"BRIEF-Mobile company divide announces acquisition by Google Inc " "May 19 Google Inc :  * Mobile company divide announces acquisition by Google Inc"
"Google acquires mobile service company Divide " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc said it has acquired Divide  a company whose software allows corporations to manage the personal smartphones that consumers increasingly use on the job."
"Google acquires mobile service company Divide " "SAN FRANCISCO  May 19 Google Inc said it has acquired Divide  a company whose software allows corporations to manage the personal smartphones that consumers increasingly use on the job."
"Google said to be in talks to buy streaming-video site Twitch -WSJ " "May 18 Google Inc was said to be in talks to acquire video-streaming service Twitch  according to a report in The Wall Street Journal on Sunday."
"RPT-Google said to be in talks to buy streaming-video site Twitch -WSJ " "(Repeats to additional subscribers with no change of text)"
"UPDATE 1-Google's YouTube to buy streaming-video site Twitch for $1 bln - Variety " "May 19 Google Inc's  YouTube unit has reached a deal to acquire videogame-streaming service Twitch for more than $1 billion  according to a report in Variety  the entertainment news publication."
"Recall by Google's Nest reveals 440 000 fire alarms shipped in U.S. " "SAN FRANCISCO  May 21 Google Inc's  Nest Labs is recalling 440 000 smoke detectors  according to a U.S. government notice on Wednesday that provides the first public revelation of how many of the smart home appliances have shipped since sales started in November."
"Google plans to offer Wi-Fi access equipment to businesses -report " "May 22 Google Inc plans to offer Wi-Fi network hardware and software at a discount to small and medium-sized businesses  tech blog The Information reported on Wednesday  citing a confidential document it accessed and a person who was briefed on the project."
"Google developing tablet with advanced vision capabilities - WSJ " "Google Inc  is developing a new 7-inch tablet that can capture 3-D images  and plans to produce about 4 000 of these prototypes beginning next month  the Wall Street Journal reported  citing people briefed on the company's plans."
"Google developing tablet with advanced vision capabilities - WSJ " "May 22 Google Inc is developing a new 7-inch tablet that can capture 3-D images  and plans to produce about 4 000 of these prototypes beginning next month  the Wall Street Journal reported  citing people briefed on the company's plans."
"UPDATE 1-Apple  Google  Intel  Adobe to pay $325 mln to settle hiring lawsuit " "(Adds comment from plaintiffs' lawyer  details about plaintiffs)"
"Google building self-driving cars with no driver seat  steering wheels " "RANCHO PALOS VERDES Calif. Google Inc is building cars that don't have steering wheels  accelerator pedals or brake pedals  in an ambitious expansion of the Internet company's efforts to develop self-driving cars."
"Google building self-driving cars with no driver seat  steering wheels " "RANCHO PALOS VERDES Calif. Google Inc is building cars that don't have steering wheels  accelerator pedals or brake pedals  in an ambitious expansion of the Internet company's efforts to develop self-driving cars."
"Google building self-driving cars with no driver seat  steering wheels " "RANCHO PALOS VERDES  Calif.  May 27 Google Inc  is building cars that don't have steering wheels  accelerator pedals or brake pedals  in an ambitious expansion of the Internet company's efforts to develop self-driving cars."
"Google releases workforce demographics  vows to increase diversity " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc  revealed the gender and racial makeup of its 50 000-strong workforce on Wednesday  disclosing a significantly below-average proportion of minorities and women employees that it said was ""miles from where we want to be."""
"Google releases workforce demographics  vows to increase diversity " "SAN FRANCISCO  May 28 Google Inc  revealed the gender and racial makeup of its 50 000-strong workforce on Wednesday  disclosing a significantly below-average proportion of minorities and women employees that it said was ""miles from where we want to be."""
"Sequoia Capital says raises $530 million India-focused fund " "MUMBAI Sequoia Capital  best known for its early-stage investments in companies such as Google Inc   has raised $530 million for its fourth India-focused fund  the U.S. venture capital fund said in a statement on Friday."
"Sequoia Capital says raises $530 mln India-focused fund " "MUMBAI  May 30 Sequoia Capital  best known for its early-stage investments in companies such as Google Inc   has raised $530 million for its fourth India-focused fund  the U.S. venture capital fund said in a statement on Friday."
"Taiwan's Acer launches cloud computing drive in shift from PC reliance " "TAIPEI  May 27 Taiwan's Acer Inc  detailed its long-touted push into cloud computing on Thursday  as the struggling computer maker responds to a shrinking PC market by pitting itself against cloud leaders Amazon.com Inc  and Google Inc."
"Taiwan's Acer launches cloud computing drive in shift from PC reliance " "TAIPEI Taiwan's Acer Inc 2353.TW detailed its long-touted push into cloud computing on Thursday  as the struggling computer maker responds to a shrinking PC market by pitting itself against cloud leaders Amazon.com Inc AMZN.O and Google Inc GOOGL.O."
"UPDATE 1-Taiwan's Acer launches cloud computing drive in shift from PC reliance " "* Chairman Shih to support BYOC after June retirement   (Adds graphic link)"
"Google in quandary over how to uphold EU privacy ruling " "BRUSSELS Google and other internet companies find themselves in a quandary over how to strike a balance between privacy and freedom of information as the top world search engine took a first step towards upholding an EU privacy ruling."
"Google in quandary over how to uphold EU privacy ruling " "* EU citizens can ask Google to remove links through online form"
"Google makes webform for removal of search results after European ruling " "May 29 Google Inc on Thursday said it has made a webform for Europeans to request the removal of results from its search engine to comply with the recent top European court ruling that subjects have the ""right to be forgotten."""
"Google takes steps to comply with EU's 'right to be forgotten' ruling " "Google has taken the first steps to meet a European ruling that citizens can have objectionable links removed from Internet search results  a ruling that pleased privacy campaigners but raised fears that the right can be abused to hide negative information. | Video "
"UPDATE 3-Google takes steps to comply with EU's ""right to be forgotten"" ruling " "* EU citizens can ask Google to remove links through online form"
"China disrupts Google services ahead of Tiananmen anniversary " "BEIJING Google services are being disrupted in China ahead of this week's 25th anniversary of the 1989 crackdown on pro-democracy demonstrators around Beijing's Tiananmen Square  a censorship watchdog said on Monday."
"Dow  S&P end at records; Apple  Google drag on Nasdaq " "NEW YORK  The Dow and the S&P 500 finished at record highs again on Monday after a closely watched read on U.S. manufacturing was revised to show more strength than initially indicated."
"Fidelity Contrafund cuts Yahoo stake by 41 percent this year " "BOSTON Fidelity Investments Contrafund  the largest mutual fund investor in Yahoo Inc  cut its stake in the Internet media company by 41 percent during the first four months of 2014  according to the fund's latest disclosure."
"Samsung Electronics to launch first Tizen-based smartphone in Q3 " "SEOUL  June 2 Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  plans to launch the first smartphone based on its Tizen operating system in the third quarter  marking the company's latest bid to build up its own ecosystem and reduce reliance on Google Inc's Android."
"Samsung to launch first Tizen-based smartphone " "SEOUL Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  plans to launch the first smartphone based on its Tizen operating system in the third quarter  marking the company's latest bid to build up its own ecosystem and reduce reliance on Google Inc's  Android."
"US STOCKS-Dow  S&P 500 erase losses after ISM correction " "* Dow up 0.1 pct; S&P 500 up 0.02 pct; Nasdaq off 0.2 pct   (Updates to late afternoon)"
"US STOCKS-Dow  S&P end at records; Apple  Google drag on Nasdaq " "* Dow up 0.2 pct; S&P up 0.1 pct; Nasdaq off 0.1 pct   (Updates to close)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St dips after manufacturing data  Google falls " "* Indexes down: Dow 0.1 pct  S&P 0.3 pct  Nasdaq 0.6 pct   (Updates to open  adds economic data and analyst comment)"
"How far will EU citizens' 'right to be forgotten' extend? " "* Data protection authorities working on common approach to ruling"
"Silicon Valley's ageist culture is bad for workers - and business " "CHICAGO Google confessed last week that it has a miserable record hiring and retaining women and minorities."
"Europe to force Google  Facebook to abide by EU privacy rules " "* U.S. spying revelations show stronger rules needed  says EU"
"EU says firms like Google and Facebook must meet privacy rules " "BRUSSELS Companies based outside the European Union must meet Europe's data protection rules  ministers agreed on Friday  although governments remain divided over how to enforce them on companies operating across the bloc."
"Deals of the day- Mergers and acquisitions " "(Adds Uniprom  Cukurova Holding  Google  Odyssey Investment Kion Group; updates PPL  Allergan)"
"Google to buy satellite company Skybox Imaging for $500 million " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc   said on Tuesday it is acquiring satellite company Skybox Imaging for $500 million in cash  the Internet company's second high-profile acquisition of an aerospace company this year."
"Google to buy satellite company Skybox Imaging for $500 million " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 10 Google Inc    said on Tuesday that it is acquiring satellite company Skybox Imaging for $500 million in cash."
"UPDATE 1-Google to buy satellite company Skybox Imaging for $500 mln " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 10 Google Inc   said on Tuesday it is acquiring satellite company Skybox Imaging for $500 million in cash  the Internet company's second high-profile acquisition of an aerospace company this year."
"India's Freshdesk raises $31 million in private equity funding " "June 12 Indian online customer support platform Freshdesk has raised $31 million in a fresh round of funding from private equity firms Tiger Global  Accel Partners and Google Capital  the company said on Thursday."
"Startup launches 'first wearable health record' for Google Glass " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc's futuristic eyeglasses are finding their way into  hospitals and clinics throughout the United States."
"Startup launches 'first wearable health record' for Google Glass " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 12 Google Inc's futuristic eyeglasses are finding their way into  hospitals and clinics throughout the United States."
"Google developing health data service: report " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc is developing a service that will combine information from health apps and personal fitness devices  in another competitive move against Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co  Forbes reported."
"Google developing health data service -report " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 13 Google Inc   is developing a service that will combine information from health apps and personal fitness devices  in another competitive move against Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co  Forbes reported."
"In China  LinkedIn must beat local rivals  win over 'loser' workforce to avoid Google syndrome " "BEIJING After taking a social media drubbing in the West for accepting self-censorship in China  jobs networking site LinkedIn Corp faces bigger obstacles to growth in a market it is counting on - local rivals and a unique workforce mindset."
"In China  LinkedIn must beat local rivals  win over 'loser' workforce to avoid Google syndrome " "* China workforce has different take on networking -rivals"
"Dutch plan for self-driving trucks within five years " "AMSTERDAM  June 16 Self-driving trucks could begin delivering goods from Rotterdam  Europe's largest port  to other Dutch cities within five years under a plan by a group of logistics and technology companies unveiled on Monday."
"Green managers stuff funds with Apple after environmental reforms " "BOSTON Apple Inc  criticized in the past for greenhouse gas emissions  use of toxic materials and the hiring of underage workers  has improved its practices and earned better scores from groups such as Greenpeace. That's good news for environmentally-aware mutual funds that hold Apple for another big reason – it makes money."
"YouTube to launch paid music service " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc's YouTube said on Tuesday that it plans to launch a paid streaming music service  amid criticism that its existing  free video website might block the music videos of labels that do not agree to its terms."
"YouTube to launch paid music service " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc's YouTube said on Tuesday that it plans to launch a paid streaming music service  amid criticism that its existing  free video website might block the music videos of labels that do not agree to its terms."
"YouTube to launch paid music service " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 17 Google Inc's  YouTube said on Tuesday that it plans to launch a paid streaming music service  amid criticism that its existing  free video website might block the music videos of labels that do not agree to its terms."
"U.S. bill on email privacy gathers majority support in the House " "WASHINGTON A bill to force government agencies to get warrants before they access the email of people under investigation advanced in the U.S. House of Representatives on Wednesday after a majority of lawmakers signed on as co-sponsors."
"Google doodle goes international as World Cup inspires " "SAO PAULO The Google doodles adorning the company’s famous homepage are being made outside the United States for the first time as illustrators from California sit in on Brazil’s World Cup to provide a fresh take on football  fans and favelas."
"INSIGHT-Power of Microsoft's Bing an open question in search industry " "SEATTLE  June 19 Microsoft Corp's new chief executive  Satya Nadella  likes to boast that Bing is growing and powers 30 percent of the Internet search market  making it a worthy competitor to Google Inc."
"Judge says concerned about Apple  Google hiring settlement " "SAN JOSE Calif. A U.S. judge on Thursday said she had concerns about approving a $324.5 million settlement involving Apple  Google and two other tech companies in a lawsuit accusing them of conspiring to avoid poaching each other's workers."
"Judge says concerned about Apple  Google hiring settlement " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  June 19 A U.S. judge on Thursday said she had concerns about approving a $324.5 million settlement involving Apple  Google and two other tech companies where they were accused of conspiring to avoid poaching each other's workers."
"Soccer-Google doodle goes international as World Cup inspires " "SAO PAULO  June 19 The Google doodles adorning the company's famous homepage are being made outside the United States for the first time as illustrators from California sit in on Brazil's World Cup to provide a fresh take on football  fans and favelas."
"UPDATE 2-Judge says concerned about Apple  Google hiring settlement " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  June 19 A U.S. judge on Thursday said she had concerns about approving a $324.5 million settlement involving Apple  Google and two other tech companies in a lawsuit accusing them of conspiring to avoid poaching each other's workers."
"U.S. court rejects Gemalto's Android patent lawsuit " "Gemalto NV  the French digital security company  said on Friday that the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit rejected its patent claim relating to the Android smart phone operating platform."
"Google considering investment in new subsea cable - WSJ " "Google Inc is considering an investment in a new cable across the Pacific Ocean  the Wall Street Journal reported citing people familiar with the matter."
"Google considering investment in new subsea cable -WSJ " "June 20 Google Inc is considering an investment in a new cable across the Pacific Ocean  the Wall Street Journal reported citing people familiar with the matter."
"Google's Nest to buy Dropcam for $555 mln -report " "June 20 Dropcam  the home-monitoring camera startup  will be bought by Google Inc's Nest Labs for about $555 million in cash  a technology news website reported on Friday."
"UPDATE 1-Google's Nest to buy Dropcam for $555 mln -report " "June 20 Google Inc's Nest Labs will buy home-monitoring camera startup Dropcam for about $555 million in cash  technology blog Re/code reported on Friday  taking another step deeper into consumers' homes."
"Google's Nest to buy Dropcam for $555 million: report " "Google Inc's Nest Labs will buy home-monitoring camera startup Dropcam for about $555 million in cash  technology blog Re/code reported on Friday  taking another step deeper into consumers' homes."
"Apple  Google  Samsung vie to bring health apps to wearables " "SAN FRANCISCO For decades  medical technology firms have searched for ways to let diabetics check blood sugar easily  with scant success. Now  the world's largest mobile technology firms are getting in on the act. | Video "
"Google considering investment in new subsea cable: WSJ " "Google Inc is considering an investment in a new cable across the Pacific Ocean  the Wall Street Journal reported citing people familiar with the matter."
"INSIGHT-Apple  Google  Samsung vie to bring health apps to wearables " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 23 For decades  medical technology firms have searched for ways to let diabetics check blood sugar easily  with scant success. Now  the world's largest mobile technology firms are getting in on the act."
"INSIGHT-RPT-Apple  Google  Samsung vie to bring health apps to wearables " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 23 For decades  medical technology firms have searched for ways to let diabetics check blood sugar easily  with scant success. Now  the world's largest mobile technology firms are getting in on the act."
"Google's Nest opens doors to third-party apps " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 23 Nest  the Google Inc-owned maker of smart thermostats and other home automation products  will allow other companies to create apps that communicate with its devices."
"Google's Nest opens doors to third-party apps " "SAN FRANCISCO Nest  the Google Inc-owned maker of smart thermostats and other home automation products  will allow other companies to create apps that communicate with its devices."
"U.S. watchdog says Google's Skybox deal raises commodity trade concern " "NEW YORK  June 24 Consumer watchdog Public Citizen has called on U.S. regulators to conduct a review of Google Inc's recent acquisition of aerospace startup Skybox Imaging  concerned that Skybox's satellite technology may aid manipulation of commodity markets."
"Google says first cars running Android Auto software to roll out this year " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc said on Wednesday the first cars running Android Auto will hit showrooms later this year  after the Internet search giant signed on 40 auto-industry partners for its car-software development alliance."
"Google sets sights beyond smartphones at annual developer conference " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 25 Google Inc    whose Android software reigns as the world's dominant smartphone operating system  will step up efforts to make inroads into cars  televisions and other devices at its annual developer conference this week  sources familiar with the matter said."
"Google sets sights on TVs  cars and watches  beyond mere smartphones " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc's   Android software is coming to cars  televisions and watches this year  as the Internet search giant races against Apple Inc  and other tech companies to extend its business into a rapidly broadening field of Internet-connected devices."
"Google to unveil new television set-top box on Wednesday: WSJ " "Google Inc is expected to unveil at least one small set-top box that resembles products like the Roku  Amazon's Fire TV  and Apple Inc's Apple TV  the Wall Street Journal reported citing sources who have seen the device."
"Google to unveil new television set-top box on Wednesday - WSJ " "June 25 Google Inc is expected to unveil at least one small set-top box that resembles products like the Roku  Amazon's Fire TV  and Apple Inc's  Apple TV  the Wall Street Journal reported citing sources who have seen the device."
"Google unveils 'Fit' health  fitness tracking platform " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc unveiled a ""Google Fit"" platform on Wednesday to help users of its Android mobile software collate and keep track of health and fitness data on smartwatches and other mobile devices."
"Google unveils ""Fit"" health  fitness tracking platform " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 25 Google Inc   unveiled a ""Google Fit"" platform on Wednesday to help users of its Android mobile software collate and keep track of health and fitness data on smartwatches and other mobile devices."
"UPDATE 2-Google sets sights on TVs  cars and watches  beyond mere smartphones " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 25 Google Inc's   Android software is coming to cars  televisions and watches this year  as the Internet search giant races against Apple Inc and other tech companies to extend its business into a rapidly broadening field of Internet-connected devices."
"Google removes first search results after EU ruling " "BRUSSELS Google has begun removing some search results to comply with a European Union ruling upholding citizens' right to have objectionable personal information about them hidden in search engines."
"Independent music labels want EU to intervene in YouTube row " "BRUSSELS  June 26 Music trade association Impala has asked European Union antitrust regulators to intervene in a row with Google Inc's YouTube over its paid streaming music service  saying some conditions demanded by the company were anti-competitive."
"Independent music labels want EU to intervene in YouTube row " "BRUSSELS Music trade association Impala has asked European Union antitrust regulators to intervene in a row with Google Inc's YouTube over its paid streaming music service  saying some conditions demanded by the company were anti-competitive."
"UPDATE 1-Google removes first search results after EU ruling " "* Links will only be hidden in Europe   (Adds details  background)"
"Kleiner Perkins files to raise $1.2 billion in new venture funds " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 27 Venture fund Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers filed to raise two new funds totaling $1.2 billion  showing scaled-back ambitions compared with previous funds."
"Tech threat a warning for fund managers to step up " "* Changing structure of fund industry entices new entrants"
"CORRECTED-Kleiner Perkins files to raise $1.2 bln in new venture funds " "(Corrects size of Nest acquisition to $3.2 billion in fifth graf)"
"Google execs visit Cuba for first time to promote open Internet " "MIAMI A team of top Google executives is visiting Cuba to promote open Internet access  according to a dissident blogger who says she met the group in Havana."
"Google execs visit Cuba for first time to promote open Internet " "MIAMI  June 28 A team of top Google executives is visiting Cuba to promote open Internet access  according to a dissident blogger who says she met the group in Havana."
"Kleiner Perkins files to raise $1.2 billion in new venture funds " "SAN FRANCISCO Venture fund Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers filed to raise a total of $1.2 billion for two new funds  reflecting scaled-back ambitions compared with previous funds."
"UPDATE 1-Kleiner Perkins files to raise $1.2 bln in new venture funds " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 27 Venture fund Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers filed to raise a total of $1.2 billion for two new funds  reflecting scaled-back ambitions compared with previous funds."
"Google executives visit Cuba for first time to promote open Internet " "MIAMI A team of top Google executives is visiting Cuba to promote open Internet access  according to a dissident blogger who says she met the group in Havana."
"EU's Almunia says could probe Google's YouTube dominance " "LONDON Europe's antitrust chief said on Monday he could investigate Google's YouTube if he saw any attempt by the company to abuse its dominant position in online video searching."
"EU's Almunia says could probe Google's YouTube dominance " "LONDON  June 30 Europe's antitrust chief said on Monday he could investigate Google's YouTube if he saw any attempt by the company to abuse its dominant position in online video searching."
"Google  Detroit diverge on road map for self-driving cars " "SAN FRANCISCO/DETROIT In 2012  a small team of Google Inc engineers and business staffers met with several of the world’s largest car makers  to discuss partnerships to build self-driving cars."
"Google to shut down social networking service Orkut in September " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc will shut down its early social-networking service  Orkut  which was launched ten years ago but has failed to put Google ahead in what has become one of the Web's most popular businesses."
"INSIGHT-Google  Detroit diverge on road map for self-driving cars " "SAN FRANCISCO/DETROIT  June 30 In 2012  a small team of Google Inc engineers and business staffers met with several of the world's largest car makers  to discuss partnerships to build self-driving cars."
"INSIGHT-RPT-Google  Detroit diverge on road map for self-driving cars " "SAN FRANCISCO/DETROIT  June 30 In 2012  a small team of Google Inc engineers and business staffers met with several of the world's largest car makers  to discuss partnerships to build self-driving cars."
"U.S. top court rejects Google bid to drop Street View privacy case " "WASHINGTON  June 30 The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday rejected Google Inc's bid to dismiss a lawsuit accusing it of violating federal wiretap law when it accidentally collected emails and other personal data while building its popular Street View program."
"COLUMN-Which U.S. tech stocks are the best bargains now? " "(The opinions expressed here are those of the author  a columnist for Reuters.)"
"Google buys music streaming service Songza " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc has acquired streaming music service Songza  the Internet search company's latest move to play a bigger role in the fast-growing online music business."
"Google buys music streaming service Songza " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 1 Google Inc   has acquired streaming music service Songza  the Internet search company's latest move to play a bigger role in the fast-growing online music business."
"Which U.S. tech stocks are the best bargains now? " "LONG BEACH Calif. (The opinions expressed here are those of the author  a columnist for Reuters.)"
"Goldman says client data leaked  wants Google to delete email " "NEW YORK  July 2 Goldman Sachs Group Inc said a contractor emailed confidential client data to a stranger's Gmail account by mistake  and the bank has asked a U.S. judge to order Google Inc to delete the email to avert a ""needless and massive"" breach of privacy."
"Intelligent cars draw investors to tech stocks " "* High-tech car market seen reaching $50 bln within 10 yrs"
"Intelligent cars draw investors to tech stocks " "PARIS Technology and telecoms firms could be the big winners in a connected car market that may be worth $50 billion over the next decade  luring investors away from traditional automakers."
"Ex-Merrill CEO says he has 'no knowledge' of Google search wipe " "NEW YORK  July 3 E. Stanley O'Neal  the former chief executive of Merrill Lynch  said on Thursday he has ""no knowledge"" of an apparent effort to remove a BBC article mentioning him from Google Inc search results in Europe."
"Google restores some news article links suppressed post EU order-FT " "July 3 Google Inc has begun restoring links to newspaper articles that it had suppressed in Web searches this week following a European Union ruling in May on citizens' ""right to be forgotten "" the Financial Times reported."
"Google reverses decision to delete British newspaper links " "Google Inc GOOGL.O GOOG.O on Thursday reversed its decision to remove several links to stories in Britain's Guardian newspaper  underscoring the difficulty the search engine is having implementing Europe's ""right to be forgotten"" ruling."
"UPDATE 1-Goldman says Google has blocked email with leaked client data " "NEW YORK  July 2 Goldman Sachs Group Inc  on Wednesday said Google Inc has blocked access to an email containing confidential client data that a contractor sent to a stranger's Gmail account by mistake  an error that the bank said threatened a ""needless and massive"" breach of privacy."
"UPDATE 1-Google reverses decision to delete British newspaper links " "July 3 Google Inc  on Thursday reversed its decision to remove several links to stories in Britain's Guardian newspaper  underscoring the difficulty the search engine is having implementing Europe's ""right to be forgotten"" ruling."
"UPDATE 1-HTC's profit surge slightly beats forecasts " "TAIPEI  July 3 Taiwanese smartphone maker HTC Corp on Thursday reported an 80 percent rise in second-quarter net profit from a year ago  slightly beating analyst expectations  as a turnaround strategy started to stem a decline in sales."
"After beating Google  Korea's Naver goes global with messaging app Line " "SEOUL  July 7 The billionaire founder of web portal operator Naver Corp beat back Google Inc  to leave South Korea one of few countries where the U.S. search engine does not dominate."
"After beating Google  Korea's Naver goes global with messaging app Line " "SEOUL The billionaire founder of web portal operator Naver Corp  beat back Google Inc  to leave South Korea one of few countries where the U.S. search engine does not dominate."
"Google rates Internet service providers' video streaming quality " "WASHINGTON Google Inc  is rating Internet service providers' video streaming quality on a new website  the latest development in the fight between broadband providers and content companies over who is to blame for slow streaming speeds."
"NASA to send 3D Google smartphones for robots to space station " "MOUNTAIN VIEW Calif. Google smartphones with next-generation 3D sensing technology are about to blast into orbit  where they will become the brains and eyes of ball-shaped hovering robots on the International Space Station."
"NASA to send 3D Google smartphones for robots to space station " "MOUNTAIN VIEW  Calif.  July 7 Google  smartphones with next-generation 3D sensing technology are about to blast into orbit  where they will become the brains and eyes of ball-shaped hovering robots on the International Space Station."
"Twitter appoints Katie Stanton global media chief -source " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 7 Twitter Inc has appointed Katie Stanton its new media chief  placing the former Google executive at the heart of its crucial relationships with Hollywood and the global media industry  a source with knowledge of the move said on Monday."
"Twitter appoints Katie Stanton global media chief: source " "SAN FRANCISCO Twitter Inc  has appointed Katie Stanton its new media chief  placing the former Google executive at the heart of its crucial relationships with Hollywood and the global media industry  a source with knowledge of the move said on Monday."
"UPDATE 1-Zynga names Google executive to board of directors " "(Adds details on Dugan's experience and committee positions)"
"Zynga names Google executive to board of directors " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 9 Zynga Inc has appointed Regina Dugan  a vice president of engineering at Google  to its board  the online gaming company said on Wednesday."
"Zynga names Google executive to board of directors " "SAN FRANCISCO Zynga Inc has appointed Regina Dugan  a vice president of engineering at Google  to its board  the online gaming company said on Wednesday."
"Access to Google services within China returns " "BEIJING  July 10 Users in China were able to access online services for Google Inc on Thursday  after more than a month of severe disruption that almost completely blocked people from using features such as its search  maps and e-mail functions."
"Access to Google services within China returns " "BEIJING Users in China were able to access online services for Google Inc on Thursday  after more than a month of severe disruption that almost completely blocked people from using features such as its search  maps and e-mail functions."
"Woman charged with manslaughter in Google exec's heroin death " "SAN FRANCISCO An alleged prostitute suspected of killing a California technology executive by injecting him with a fatal dose of heroin aboard his yacht off the coast of Santa Cruz has been charged with manslaughter  authorities said Thursday."
"Woman charged with manslaughter in Google exec's heroin death " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 10 An alleged prostitute suspected of killing a California technology executive by injecting him with a fatal dose of heroin aboard his yacht off the coast of Santa Cruz has been charged with manslaughter  authorities said Thursday."
"After short revival  Google service disruptions in China return " "BEIJING Google Inc services were once again being disrupted in China on Friday after a brief respite on Thursday  users and an anti-censorship group reported  continuing more than a month of severe disruption."
"After short revival  Google service disruptions in China return " "BEIJING  July 11 Google Inc services were once again being disrupted in China on Friday after a brief respite on Thursday  users and an anti-censorship group reported  continuing more than a month of severe disruption."
"Google seeks to dismiss U.S. antitrust lawsuit over Android " "SAN FRANCISCO An antitrust lawsuit targeting Google's Android operating system should be dismissed  Google said in a court filing on Friday  partly because smartphone manufacturers are free to utilize Android on their phones without also installing Google apps."
"Google seeks to dismiss U.S. antitrust lawsuit over Android " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 11 An antitrust lawsuit targeting Google's Android operating system should be dismissed  Google said in a court filing on Friday  partly because smartphone manufacturers are free to utilize Android on their phones without also installing Google apps."
"China's Xiaomi to invest in India  launches budget smartphones " "MUMBAI China's Xiaomi said it intends to invest heavily in India as the budget smartphone maker launched on Tuesday its flagship Mi phone and other products in the world's third largest smartphone market  currently dominated by Samsung Electronics Co Ltd."
"Ex-Ford chief Mulally joins Google's board " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc has appointed former Ford Motor Co CEO Alan Mulally to its board of directors  drafting a seasoned Detroit executive into its ranks as it develops a self-driving car and tries to get its software into more automobiles."
"Ex-Ford chief Mulally joins Google's board " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 15 Google Inc has appointed former Ford Motor Co CEO Alan Mulally to its board of directors  drafting a seasoned Detroit executive into its ranks as it develops a self-driving car and tries to get its software into more automobiles."
"Google's Nest launches network technology for connected home " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc's Nest Labs on Tuesday unveiled an industry group to encourage makers of ""smart"" home gadgets like locks and lightbulbs to use Thread  a new standard for devices to communicate on a network."
"Google's Nest launches network technology for connected home " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 15 Google Inc's  Nest Labs on Tuesday unveiled an industry group to encourage makers of smart home gadgets like locks and light bulbs to use Thread  a new standard for devices to communicate on a network."
"Novartis and Google to develop 'smart' contact lens " "ZURICH Swiss drugmaker Novartis has struck an agreement with Google to develop ""smart"" contact lenses that would help diabetics to track their blood glucose levels or restore the eye's ability to focus."
"Novartis hopes to commercialise ""smart lens"" within 5 years " "ZURICH  July 15 Novartis expects the ""smart lens"" technology it has licensed from Google  will take several years to develop  but hopes to have a product ready for market in about five years  the drugmaker's chief executive said on Tuesday."
"Novartis to license Google ""smart lens"" technology for Alcon " "ZURICH  July 15 Novartis said it has struck an agreement with Google for its eyecare unit Alcon to license the American technology firm's smart lens technology for medical use."
"UPDATE 1-Google's Nest launches network technology for connected home " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 15 Google Inc's  Nest Labs on Tuesday unveiled an industry group to encourage makers of ""smart"" home gadgets like locks and lightbulbs to use Thread  a new standard for devices to communicate on a network."
"UPDATE 3-Novartis and Google to develop 'smart' contact lens " "* Novartis CEO hopes to have product on market in five years"
"Accused prostitute pleads not guilty in heroin death of Google executive " "SANTA CRUZ Calif. An accused prostitute charged with killing a Google executive by injecting him with a fatal dose of heroin on his yacht off the California coast pleaded not guilty on Wednesday and her attorney said she has been unfairly demonized in the case."
"Google Q2 revenue increases 22 percent " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 17 Google Inc's   revenue increased 22 percent in the second quarter  as the Internet company saw strong demand for ads on its websites."
"Google's business chief departs for SoftBank in latest leadership change " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc's chief business officer  one of Chief Executive Officer Larry Page's key lieutenants and the company's main liaison to Wall Street  is leaving the Internet search company  the latest high-ranking executive to depart."
"Nissan CEO says some car makers concerned over product control in Google cooperation " "TOKYO  July 17 Nissan Motor Co chief executive Carlos Ghosn said some car makers remain reticent about working with technology giant Google Inc as it develops driverless vehicles for fear of their brands' identities becoming submerged."
"UPDATE 2-Google's business chief departs for SoftBank in latest leadership change " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 17 Google Inc's   chief business officer  one of Chief Executive Officer Larry Page's key lieutenants and the company's main liaison to Wall Street  is leaving the Internet search company  the latest high-ranking executive to depart."
"UPDATE 5-Microsoft to cut 18 000 jobs this year as it chops Nokia " "SEATTLE  July 17 Microsoft Chief Executive Officer Satya Nadella kicked off one of the largest layoffs in tech history on Thursday  hoping to reshape the aging PC industry titan into a nimbler rival to Apple and Google  and jolt a culture at the company that is used to protecting its existing Windows and Office franchises."
"US STOCKS-Wall St slides on Malaysian airliner crash news " "* Israeli PM orders ground offensive in Gaza -official statement"
"Apple should do more to tackle in-app purchases problem -EU " "BRUSSELS  July 18 Apple has provided no concrete and immediate solutions to tackle the problem of adults and children racking up credit card bills by making ""in-app"" purchases on tablets and mobile phones  the European Commission said on Friday."
"Google seen best placed for growth as it transitions to mobile " "Google Inc   is the best placed of any company to benefit from the shift to mobile  increased local advertising and wearables  analysts said after the search giant posted its 18th straight quarter of 20 percent-plus revenue growth."
"Google seen best placed for growth as it transitions to mobile " "July 18 Google Inc  is the best placed of any company to benefit from the shift to mobile  increased local advertising and wearables  analysts said after the search giant posted its 18th straight quarter of 20 percent-plus revenue growth."
"Smartphone suit against Google plays into rivals' hands " "SAN FRANCISCO A U.S. consumer lawsuit accusing Google of monopolizing prime real estate on Android smartphones will help mobile rivals like Microsoft make their antitrust case with European regulators should damaging secrets emerge in court."
"UPDATE 1-Google seen best placed for growth as it transitions to mobile " "July 18 Google Inc  is the best placed of any company to benefit from the shift to mobile  increased local advertising and wearables  analysts said after the search giant posted its 18th straight quarter of 20 percent-plus revenue growth."
"UPDATE 1-U.S. judge OKs warrant for Google user's emails  stoking debate " "NEW YORK  July 18 A federal judge in New York has granted prosecutors access to a Gmail user's emails as part of a criminal probe  a decision that could fan the debate over how aggressively the government may pursue data if doing so may invade people's privacy."
"U.S. judge OKs warrant for Google user's emails  stoking debate " "NEW YORK  July 18 A federal judge in New York has granted prosecutors access to a Gmail user's emails as part of a criminal probe  in a decision that could fan the debate over how aggressively the government may pursue data if doing so may invade people's privacy."
"US STOCKS-Wall St bounces after sell-off; Google climbs " "* Indexes up: Dow 0.23 pct  S&P 0.35 pct  Nasdaq 0.61 pct   (Updates to open; adds quote  data)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St rebounds after Thursday drop; Google lifts S&P " "* Indexes up: Dow 0.51 pct  S&P 0.65 pct  Nasdaq 1.05 pct   (Updates to late morning  updates earnings data)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St rebounds from selloff; indexes up for the week " "* Obama condemns Russia after Malaysian airliner downed in Ukraine"
"Italy gives Google 18 months to change data use practices " "MILAN Italy's data protection regulator has given Google 18 months to change the way it treats and stores user data  bringing to an end an investigation that is part of a European drive to reform the internet giant's privacy practices."
"Italy gives Google 18 months to change data use practices " "MILAN  July 21 Italy's data protection regulator has given Google 18 months to change the way it treats and stores user data  bringing to an end an investigation that is part of a European drive to reform the internet giant's privacy practices."
"EU antitrust regulators likely to step up Google probes: WSJ " "SAN FRANCISCO/FRANKFURT European Union antitrust regulators are preparing to step up investigations of Google Inc's practices on several fronts and are likely to revise certain terms of a settlement involving its search engine that was proposed earlier this year  the Wall Street Journal reported on Tuesday."
"Google must face class action over kids' in-apps purchases " "WASHINGTON Google Inc must face a class action lawsuit filed by a U.S. woman whose son had bought online videogame items without her consent  a federal judge ruled late on Monday as he turned down the company's request to dismiss the action."
"Google must face class action over kids' in-apps purchases " "WASHINGTON  July 22 Google Inc must face a class action lawsuit filed by a U.S. woman whose son had bought online videogame items without her consent  a federal judge ruled late on Monday as he turned down the company's request to dismiss the action."
"Google must face U.S. privacy lawsuit over commingled user data " "A federal judge rejected Google Inc's bid to dismiss a privacy lawsuit claiming it commingled user data across different products and disclosed that data to advertisers without permission."
"Google must face U.S. privacy lawsuit over commingled user data " "July 22 A federal judge rejected Google Inc's  bid to dismiss a privacy lawsuit claiming it commingled user data across different products and disclosed that data to advertisers without permission."
"UPDATE 2-EU antitrust regulators likely to step up Google probes -WSJ " "SAN FRANCISCO/FRANKFURT  July 22 European Union antitrust regulators are preparing to step up investigations of Google Inc's practices on several fronts and are likely to revise certain terms of a settlement involving its search engine that was proposed earlier this year  the Wall Street Journal reported on Tuesday."
"CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-EU antitrust regulators likely to step up Google probes -WSJ " "(Changes wording in paragraph four to show Almunia said he would not conduct a formal market test  instead of that he would not consult complainants)"
"EU antitrust regulators likely to step up Google probes: WSJ " "SAN FRANCISCO/FRANKFURT (This July 22 story was corrected in paragraph four to show Almunia said he would not conduct a formal market test  instead of that he would not consult complainants)"
"Google under fire from regulators on EU privacy ruling " "BRUSSELS Google's GOOGL.O handling of ""right to be forgotten"" requests from European citizens came under fire by regulators after the search engine company restricted the removal of Internet links to European sites only  a person familiar with the matter said."
"Google under fire from regulators over response to EU privacy ruling " "* EU watchdogs meet web firms over ""right to be forgotten"""
"UPDATE 2-Google under fire from regulators on EU privacy ruling " "* Google's handling of removal requests has drawn criticism"
"Europe debates how far to push 'right to be forgotten' " "PARIS/BRUSSELS European regulators have not yet decided whether to try to force search engines such as Google and Microsoft's Bing to scrub results globally when people invoke their ""right to be forgotten"" in the region."
"Europe debates how far to push ""right to be forgotten"" " "* Regulators aim to write guidelines for appeals by autumn"
"UPDATE 1-Amazon's spending spree raises margin concerns " "July 25 Amazon.com Inc's heavy investment in content and technology to fight off deep-pocketed rivals is proving to be  more costly than many had expected  raising fears that operating earnings will be remain under pressure indefinitely."
"UPDATE 3-FBI investigates Ford engineer after listening devices found " "(Adds results of warrants for Google email records of Ford engineer  court records showing items seized by FBI)"
"European regulators training sights on Google's mobile software " "BRUSSELS/SAN FRANCISCO European regulators are preparing what could be a stern challenge to Google Inc's   mobile software business in the coming months after a nearly four-year investigation into the company's Web search practices left rivals and European politicians dissatisfied."
"Factbox: Google under European regulatory spotlight " "Google Inc   faces a variety of challenges from European Commission regulators  in contrast to its experience in the United States where the Internet search company has largely mitigated regulatory threats."
"INSIGHT-European regulators training sights on Google's mobile software " "BRUSSELS/SAN FRANCISCO  July 30 European regulators are preparing what could be a stern challenge to Google Inc's  mobile software business in the coming months after a nearly four-year investigation into the company's Web search practices left rivals and European politicians dissatisfied."
"RPT-INSIGHT-European regulators training sights on Google's mobile software " "(Repeats July 30 INSIGHT with no changes to headline or text)"
"Smartphone management flaws puts users at risk  researchers say " "* Google Android devices face issues involving spoofed IDs"
"Google pulls 'Bomb Gaza' game from app store after backlash " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 4 A mobile game that simulates Israeli attacks on the Gaza Strip and invites users to ""drop bombs and avoid killing civilians"" has been pulled from Google Inc's app store  a company spokesman said on Monday after a public backlash."
"COLUMN-The dangers of deputizing Google to bust child pornographers " "(The opinions expressed here are those of the author  a columnist for Reuters.)"
"Hong Kong court rules tycoon can sue Google for defamation " "BEIJING A Hong Kong court has ruled that a local tycoon can sue Google Inc for defamation because searches for his name on Google suggest adding the word 'triad'  Hong Kong's notorious organized crime groups."
"Hong Kong court rules tycoon can sue Google for defamation " "BEIJING  Aug 6 A Hong Kong court has ruled that a local tycoon can sue Google Inc for defamation because searches for his name on Google suggest adding the word 'triad'  Hong Kong's notorious organised crime groups."
"Israel's Perion lowers 2014 outlook  looks to shift to mobile " "JERUSALEM  Aug 6 Israel-based Perion Network  posted on Wednesday higher quarterly earnings  but lowered its 2014 outlook after Google dented revenue prospects by unexpectedly altering its browser policy."
"Google to reward secure websites with better search ranking " "Aug 7 Google Inc said it is encouraging website developers to make their sites secure for visitors by using site encryption as one of the factors to determine search ranking."
"Google to reward secure websites with better search ranking " "Google Inc said it is encouraging website developers to make their sites secure for visitors by using site encryption as one of the factors to determine search ranking."
"Google settles U.S. shareholder lawsuit over online drug ads " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 8 Google Inc has agreed to create a $250 million internal program to disrupt rogue online pharmacies as part of a deal to end shareholder litigation over accusations the search company improperly allowed ads from non-U.S. drug sellers."
"Google settles U.S. shareholder lawsuit over online drug ads " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc has agreed to create a $250 million internal program to disrupt rogue online pharmacies as part of a deal to end shareholder litigation over accusations the search company improperly allowed ads from non-U.S. drug sellers."
"Judge rejects $324.5 mln settlement over Apple  Google hiring " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 8 A U.S. judge on Friday rejected a $324.5 million settlement between tech workers and companies including Apple and Google in a lawsuit accusing the companies of conspiring to avoid poaching each other's workers."
"UPDATE 1-Google settles U.S. shareholder lawsuit over online drug ads " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 8 Google Inc has agreed to create a $250 million internal program to disrupt rogue online pharmacies as part of a deal to end shareholder litigation over accusations the search company improperly allowed ads from non-U.S. drug sellers."
"UPDATE 3-Judge rejects $324.5 mln settlement over Apple  Google hiring " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 8 Four Silicon Valley companies including Apple and Google failed to persuade a U.S. judge to sign off on a $324.5 million settlement to resolve a lawsuit by tech workers  who accused the firms of conspiring to avoid poaching each other's employees."
"Yahoo to join Google to create spy-free email systems -WSJ " "Aug 7 Yahoo Inc said it will join Google Inc to create a secure email system by next year that could make it nearly impossible for hackers or government officials to read users' messages  The Wall Street Journal reported."
"Yahoo to join Google to create spy-free email systems: WSJ " "Yahoo Inc said it will join Google Inc to create a secure email system by next year that could make it nearly impossible for hackers or government officials to read users' messages  The Wall Street Journal reported."
"Google  Asian telecoms to build $300 million undersea cable to Japan " "Search engine Google Inc and five Asian telecom and communications companies have agreed to invest about $300 million to develop and operate a trans-Pacific cable network connecting the United States to Japan."
"Google  Asian telecoms to build $300 mln undersea cable to Japan " "Aug 11 Search engine Google Inc and five Asian telecom and communications companies have agreed to invest about $300 million to develop and operate a trans-Pacific cable network connecting the United States to Japan."
"American Apparel appoints Google executive Laura Lee to board " "Aug 13 Struggling retailer American Apparel Inc  named Google Inc executive Laura Lee as the second woman director on its board."
"American Apparel appoints Google executive Laura Lee to board " "Struggling retailer American Apparel Inc  named Google Inc  executive Laura Lee as the second woman director on its board."
"UPDATE 1-Amazon.com takes on PayPal  Square with credit card reader " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 13 Amazon.com Inc  unveiled a $10 credit-card reader and mobile app for businesses on Wednesday  expanding further into bricks-and-mortar retail and the rapidly evolving mobile payments arena."
"Samsung buys home-automation startup SmartThings " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 14 Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  will buy SmartThings  a  startup backed by PayPal co-founder Max Levchin that helps connect household devices  one of its largest U.S.-startup acquisitions to date."
"PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - Aug 15 " "Aug 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy."
"Vringo shares dive after court tosses patent claims " "A U.S. appeals court on Friday rejected patent claims brought by a Vringo Inc subsidiary against several companies including Google  sending Vringo shares plummeting."
"Google buys city-guide app maker JetPac " "Aug 15 Google Inc is buying JetPac Inc  the startup that designs social travel applications disclosed on its website on Friday  without providing details."
"Look  no hands! Test driving a Google car " "MOUNTAIN VIEW  Calif.  Aug 17 The car stopped at stop signs. It glided around curves. It didn't lurch or jolt. The most remarkable thing about the drive was that it was utterly unremarkable."
"Look  no hands! Test driving a Google car " "MOUNTAIN VIEW Calif. The car stopped at stop signs. It glided around curves. It didn't lurch or jolt. The most remarkable thing about the drive was that it was utterly unremarkable."
"RPT-Look  no hands! Test driving a Google car " "MOUNTAIN VIEW  Calif.  Aug 17 The car stopped at stop signs. It glided around curves. It didn't lurch or jolt. The most remarkable thing about the drive was that it was utterly unremarkable."
"Tech investor gets five towns to join social-health experiment " "SAN FRANCISCO Technology investor Esther Dyson thinks she has found the answer to America's growing health concerns  and has enlisted five smaller cities across the country to try and prove it."
"Google considering YouTube  Gmail accounts for kids - reports " "Aug 19 Google Inc is considering allowing online accounts for children under the age of 13 and give their parents control over how the service is used  according to media reports."
"Google considering YouTube  Gmail accounts for kids: reports " "Google Inc is considering allowing online accounts for children under the age of 13 and give their parents control over how the service is used  according to media reports."
"Marketing push  harsh northern winter spur record Florida tourism " "TALLAHASSEE Fla. A record 24 million tourists visited Florida this spring  up 3 percent from 2013  spurred by unusually cold northern weather  a Google program that allows virtual beach tours and aggressive marketing  a state official said on Tuesday."
"INDIA PRESS-Google to mentor Indian companies-Times of India " "Note: Reuters has not verified this story and does not vouch for its accuracy.   (Compiled by Aby Jose Koilparambil in Bangalore)"
"UPDATE 1-Verizon denies it plans to open new app store " "WASHINGTON  Aug 20 Verizon Communications Inc  denied a report on Wednesday it was in talks with carriers and hardware manufacturers to open a new mobile software store."
"Verizon denies it plans to open new app store " "WASHINGTON Verizon Communications Inc denied a report on Wednesday it was in talks with carriers and hardware manufacturers to open a new mobile software store."
"Verizon in talks to launch new app store -industry website " "WASHINGTON  Aug 20 Verizon Communications Inc  is planning to launch a mobile software store that could present a third alternative in a market long-dominated by Apple Inc and Google Inc  according to The Information  an industry website."
"Google wins victory in row with German publishers " "FRANKFURT  Aug 22 A German regulator handed Google Inc a victory on Friday as it said it would not pursue a complaint brought against the internet search engine operator by a group of publishers for giving users access to their news articles."
"China targets own operating system to take on likes of Microsoft  Google " "SHANGHAI  Aug 24 China could have a new homegrown operating system by October to take on imported rivals such as Microsoft Corp  Google Inc and Apple Inc  Xinhua news agency said on Sunday."
"Amazon in talks to buy live-streaming game site Twitch -report " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 25 Amazon.com Inc is in discussions to acquire Twitch  the live-streaming gaming network that Google Inc had reportedly expressed an interest in buying  tech blog The Information reported on Monday  citing two people familiar with the matter."
"India's Karbonn Mobiles expects to go public by 2016 " "Karbonn Mobiles  the third-largest smartphone maker in India  expects to go public by 2016 as it bets on sales of Android devices made in partnership with Google Inc to boost revenue growth."
"WRAPUP 1-Amazon snaps up live video startup Twitch for $970M cash " "(Combines stories on Amazon announcing the deal with background; adds comments from Amazon  details)"
"WRAPUP 3-Amazon snaps up live video startup Twitch for $970 million " "(Adds comments from Amazon and Twitch executives  background on Google interest in Twitch)"
"Deals of the day-Mergers and acquisitions " "Aug 26 The following bids  mergers  acquisitions and disposals were reported by 2000 GMT on Tuesday:"
"Google buys video-processing service provider Zync Render " "Aug 26 Google Inc said it bought Zync Render  the visual effects cloud-rendering technology company behind ""Star Trek Into Darkness""."
"Google buys video-processing service provider Zync Render " "Google Inc  said it bought Zync Render  the visual effects cloud-rendering technology company behind ""Star Trek Into Darkness""."
"Once 'Best in the West'  Israel's economy shows cracks " "* Bank of Israel has cut interest rates twice; at record low"
"BRIEF-Google announces effort to use drones for delivery of goods " "Aug 28 Google Inc :  * Announces effort to use drones for delivery of goods"
"Google's Megan Smith considered top choice for U.S. technology chief -Bloomberg " "Aug 28 Longtime Google Inc executive Megan Smith is a top candidate for the role of United States' chief technology officer  Bloomberg reported on Thursday  citing people familiar with the matter. (http://bloom.bg/1wK4kX8)"
"Google's Megan Smith considered top choice for U.S. technology chief: Bloomberg " "Longtime Google Inc executive Megan Smith is a top candidate for the role of United States' chief technology officer  Bloomberg reported on Thursday  citing people familiar with the matter."
"Google tests airborne drones to deliver goods " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 28 Google Inc   is developing airborne drones capable of flying on their own and delivering everything from candy to medicine  the Internet company said on Thursday."
"Spliced Lula video annoys ruling party in Brazil election " "BRASILIA  Aug 28 Brazil's ruling party has asked Google Inc to pull a spliced campaign video from YouTube that gives viewers the impression its leader  Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva  is backing opposition presidential candidate Marina Silva."
"Spliced Lula video annoys ruling party in Brazil election " "BRASILIA Brazil's ruling party has asked Google Inc to pull a spliced campaign video from YouTube that gives viewers the impression its leader  Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva  is backing opposition presidential candidate Marina Silva."
"UPDATE 1-Google tests airborne drones to deliver goods " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 28 Google Inc   is developing airborne drones capable of flying on their own and delivering anything from candy to medicine  the Internet company said on Thursday."
"UPDATE 1-Spliced Lula video annoys ruling party in Brazil election " "BRASILIA  Aug 28 Brazil's ruling party has asked Google Inc to pull a spliced campaign video from YouTube that gives viewers the impression its leader  Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva  is backing opposition presidential candidate Marina Silva."
"AbbVie  Calico forge deal against age-related diseases " " "
"Apple  Google resume talks with tech workers in hiring lawsuit: filing " "SAN FRANCISCO Four technology companies  including Apple  and Google   have resumed mediation talks with tech workers in a high-profile lawsuit over hiring practices in Silicon Valley  according to a court filing."
"Apple  Google resume talks with tech workers in hiring lawsuit -filing " "SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 3 Four tech companies including Apple and Google have resumed mediation talks with tech workers who are suing over hiring practices in Silicon Valley  according to a court filing on Wednesday."
"Google's Calico  AbbVie forge deal against diseases of aging " "U.S. drugmaker AbbVie Inc  and Calico  a new company set up by Google Inc  to cure diseases of aging  will each invest $250 million to help create Calico research facilities and collaborate on discovery and development of new medicines."
"Google starts quantum computing research project " "Google Inc said a research team led by physicist John Martinis from the University of California Santa Barbara will join the company to start a project to build new quantum information processors based on superconducting electronics."
"Google starts quantum computing research project " "Sept 2 Google Inc said a research team led by physicist John Martinis from the University of California Santa Barbara will join the company to start a project to build new quantum information processors based on superconducting electronics."
"India's smartphone wars: Google's Android One adds to Samsung's worries " "* Android One threatens much pricing pressure for Samsung"
"UPDATE 1-Apple  Google resume talks with tech workers in hiring lawsuit -filing " "SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 3 Four technology companies  including Apple and Google  have resumed mediation talks with tech workers in a high-profile lawsuit over hiring practices in Silicon Valley  according to a court filing."
"UPDATE 2-Google's Calico  AbbVie forge deal against diseases of aging " "Sept 3 U.S. drugmaker AbbVie Inc and Calico  a new company set up by Google Inc to cure diseases of aging  will each invest $250 million to help create Calico research facilities and collaborate on discovery and development of new medicines."
"AirBnB partners with Nest to equip some homes with thermostats " "SAN FRANCISCO Home rental service AirBnB will offer free smart thermostats from Google Inc-owned   Nest to 500 of its hosts in the United States  the first step in a partnership that could lead to broader cooperation between the two technology companies."
"AirBnB partners with Nest to equip some homes with thermostats " "SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 4 Home rental service AirBnB will offer free smart thermostats from Google Inc-owned   Nest to 500 of its hosts in the United States  the first step in a partnership that could lead to broader cooperation between the two technology companies."
"Google to refund $19 million in kids' in-app purchase case: U.S " "WASHINGTON Google Inc has agreed to refund at least $19 million to parents who were unfairly billed for charges racked up by children playing video games such as Ice Age Village and Air Penguins on smartphones and tablets."
"Google to refund $19 million in kids' in-app purchase case -U.S. " "WASHINGTON  Sept 4 Google Inc has agreed to refund at least $19 million to settle charges that it unfairly billed parents for purchases that their children made while playing video games like Ice Age Village and Air Penguins on mobile devices."
"Microsoft  publishers try to stop 'catastrophic' Google EU deal " "BRUSSELS Google's  antitrust deal with EU regulators was criticized by Microsoft  and other competitors in a last-ditch attempt to influence European Competition Commissioner Joaquin Almunia before he leaves office at the end of October."
"Microsoft  publishers try to stop 'catastrophic' Google EU deal " "* EU's Almunia has 2 months to decide before leaving office"
"RPT-Google to refund $19 million in kids' in-app purchase case -U.S. " "WASHINGTON  Sept 4 Google Inc has agreed to refund at least $19 million to settle charges that it unfairly billed parents for purchases that their children made while playing video games like Ice Age Village and Air Penguins on mobile devices."
"UPDATE 2-Google to refund $19 million in kids' in-app purchase case -U.S. " "(Adds comment from FTC Chairwoman Edith Ramirez  share price  other details)"
"UPDATE 2-Microsoft  publishers try to stop 'catastrophic' Google EU deal " "* Deal will only escalate market abuse  Google rival says   (adds details about complainants)"
"Apple  Google appeal rejection of $324.5 mln settlement in hiring lawsuit " "SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 4 Four tech companies including Apple and Google appealed a U.S. judge's rejection of a proposed $324.5 million settlement in a lawsuit over hiring practices in Silicon Valley  according to a court filing from the companies late on Thursday."
"Apple  Google appeal rejection of $325 million hiring settlement " "SAN FRANCISCO Four technology companies including Apple and Google blasted a U.S. judge for rejecting a proposed $324.5 million settlement over hiring practices in Silicon Valley and asked an appeals court to intervene  according to a court filing."
"UPDATE 2-Apple  Google appeal rejection of $325 mln hiring settlement " "SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 4 Four technology companies including Apple and Google blasted a U.S. judge for rejecting a proposed $324.5 million settlement over hiring practices in Silicon Valley and asked an appeals court to intervene  according to a court filing."
"Carmakers must respect drivers who are leery of new tech features: Bill Ford " "DETROIT Ford Motor Co  Executive Chairman Bill Ford said new technologies that allow cars to talk to each other and drive themselves may scare some people  so the industry will need to allow consumers to opt out of such features."
"Carmakers must respect drivers who are leery of new tech features -Bill Ford " "DETROIT  Sept 8 Ford Motor Co Executive Chairman Bill Ford said new technologies that allow cars to talk to each other and drive themselves may scare some people  so the industry will need to allow consumers to opt out of such features."
"Google hosts meetings across Europe on privacy rights " "PARIS A panel appointed by search engine Google will hold the first of a series of meetings on Tuesday to debate the balance between privacy and the free flow of information after a May court ruling reinforced Europeans' ""right to be forgotten""."
"Google hosts meetings across Europe on privacy rights " "PARIS  Sept 8 A panel appointed by search engine Google will hold the first of a series of meetings on Tuesday to debate the balance between privacy and the free flow of information after a May court ruling reinforced Europeans' ""right to be forgotten""."
"Google-appointed panel kicks off tour of Europe to debate privacy rights " "BRUSSELS/MADRID A specialist panel appointed by search engine giant Google to help it implement a landmark court ruling on privacy rights held a meeting in Madrid on Tuesday  their first in a seven-stop tour to gather the views of European experts on the issue."
"Google-appointed panel kicks off tour of Europe to debate privacy rights " "* Expert panel debating ""right to be forgotten"" in Europe"
"Deals of the day- Mergers and acquisitions " "(Adds Google  Itaú Unibanco Holding  Chiquita  UBS  AngloGold Ashanti  Telecom Italia SpA  Aspen  Kommunalkredit  Lamda  Visteon  Locke Lord)"
"EU's Almunia says won't finish Google probe before end-October " "WASHINGTON European Union regulators will not finish a four-year investigation into Google by the end of October  the bloc's outgoing antitrust chief said on Wednesday."
"EU's Almunia says won't finish Google probe before end-October " "WASHINGTON  Sept 10 Europe's antitrust chief Joaquin Almunia said on Wednesday that he will not be able to wrap up a four-year investigation into Google before he leaves office at the end of next month."
"Google buys high-tech spoon maker  expands healthcare focus " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc has acquired the maker of a high-tech spoon that helps people suffering from neurodegenerative tremors to eat  the Internet company's latest foray into the healthcare and biotechnology market."
"Google buys high-tech spoon maker  expands healthcare focus " "SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 10 Google Inc   has acquired the maker of a high-tech spoon that helps people suffering from neurodegenerative tremors to eat  the Internet company's latest foray into the healthcare and biotechnology market."
"Ireland appoints data protection chief with corporate background " "DUBLIN  Sept 10 Ireland has appointed a government official with experience at multinational companies as its new data protection commissioner to head up a body which acts as regulator to the likes of Google and Facebook  outside North America."
"REFILE-UPDATE 1-Danish reformer gets EU antitrust stick; German to police the Internet " "BRUSSELS  Sept 10 Europe's incoming competition and telecoms chiefs will have their plates full for the next five years as one tackles global companies suspected of acting unfairly while the other seeks to keep the Internet open and let online services flow freely."
"UPDATE 1-EU's Almunia says won't finish Google probe before end-October " "WASHINGTON  Sept 10 European Union regulators will not finish a four-year investigation into Google by the end of October  the bloc's outgoing antitrust chief said on Wednesday."
"U.S. court revives Microsoft co-founder's patent suit vs tech companies " "A U.S. appeals court on Wednesday revived part of a patent lawsuit brought by Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen against AOL  Apple  Google and Yahoo  saying a lower court incorrectly found that the tech companies didn't infringe one of its patents."
"Deals of the day- Mergers and acquisitions " "(Updates ThyssenKrupp; Adds EBay  Shell  HP  Porsche  Tottenham Hotspur  Digital First Media  Darden  DirecTV  Newcastle United and Snam)"
"EBay shares backtrack after it dismisses talk of Google stake " "NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO Shares of eBay Inc  lost much of their Friday gains after the online retailer dismissed market speculation that Google Inc  may be preparing to buy a slice of the company."
"Ebay stock jumps; traders cite rumor of Google interest " "NEW YORK  Sept 12 Shares of eBay Inc  rose about 4 percent in heavy volume on Friday  with two European-based traders and one U.S.-based trader citing rumors that Google Inc would possibly take a large stake in eBay as the reason for the move."
"EU's Almunia denies decision on Google was postponed to appease lobbyists " "BRUSSELS Europe's antitrust chief hit back on Friday at media reports suggesting that he had bowed to political lobbying by delaying a final decision on alleged anti-competitive behavior by Google."
"EU's Almunia denies decision on Google was postponed to appease lobbyists " "BRUSSELS  Sept 12 Europe's antitrust chief hit back on Friday at media reports suggesting that he had bowed to political lobbying by delaying a final decision on alleged anti-competitive behaviour by Google."
"UPDATE 1-EBay shares backtrack after it dismisses talk of Google stake " "(Recasts with eBay's and Google's comments  updates shares)"
"US STOCKS-EBay pares sharp gain  dismisses Google stake talk " "NEW YORK  Sept 12 Shares of eBay were up but paring earlier sharp gains on Friday after a company spokesman said eBay has had no conversations with Google   about acquiring a stake in the company."
"US STOCKS-Wall St falls in afternoon; set to snap 5 weeks of gains " "NEW YORK  Sept 12 U.S. stocks were lower in afternoon trading on Friday  with energy shares extending recent losses after the Treasury department announced new sanctions against Russia."
"US STOCKS-Wall St slips at midday; energy a drag " "NEW YORK  Sept 12 U.S. stocks were lower at midday on Friday  with energy shares extending recent losses after the Treasury department announced new sanctions against Russia."
"Google launches $105 Android One; eyes low-price smartphone boom " "NEW DELHI/MUMBAI Google Inc launched in India on Monday a $105 smartphone  the first device from its ""Android One"" initiative which is aimed at boosting sales in key emerging markets through cheaper prices and better quality software."
"Google launches Android One  phones to be priced at around $105 " "NEW DELHI/MUMBAI  Sept 15 Google Inc  launched in India on Monday the first smartphones powered by its Android One operating system  pricing them at around 6 399 rupees ($105) to capture the low-cost segement of the world's fastest growing smartphone market."
"Governments pressure Google for more user information " "Google Inc said it was facing increasing pressure from governments around the world to reveal user information in criminal investigations amid ongoing revelations about national surveillance programs."
"Governments pressure Google for more user information " "Sept 15 Google Inc said it was facing increasing pressure from governments around the world to reveal user information in criminal investigations amid ongoing revelations about national surveillance programs."
"Second actor sues Google over 'Innocence of Muslims' movie trailer " "A second actor has sued Google Inc over a movie trailer called ""Innocence of Muslims"" that mocked the Prophet Mohammad and led to riots in 2012  six months after a U.S. appeals court ruled for another actor and ordered the film taken off YouTube."
"Second actor sues Google over 'Innocence of Muslims' movie trailer " "Sept 15 A second actor has sued Google Inc  over a movie trailer called ""Innocence of Muslims"" that mocked the Prophet Mohammad and led to riots in 2012  six months after a U.S. appeals court ruled for another actor and ordered the film taken off YouTube."
"UPDATE 2-Google launches $105 Android One; eyes low-price smartphone boom " "* Partners with Micromax  Karbonn and Spice for low-cost phones"
"New global plans unveiled to crack down on corporate tax avoidance " "LONDON  Sept 16 Plans for a major rewriting of international tax rules unveiled on Tuesday could eliminate structures that have allowed companies like Google Inc  and Amazon.com Inc to shave billions of dollars off their tax bills."
"OECD unveils proposals to curb corporate tax avoidance " "LONDON New international tax rules proposed on Tuesday could eliminate structures that have allowed companies such as Google Inc  and Amazon.com Inc  to shave billions of dollars off their tax bills."
"UPDATE 1-OECD unveils proposals to curb corporate tax avoidance " "* Rules aim to end ""double non-taxation"" - OECD   (Adds expert and NGO comment)"
"EU regulators preparing guidelines for ""right to be forgotten"" complaints " "BRUSSELS  Sept 17 European regulators are working on guidelines for appeals from people whose requests to remove information from search results under their name have been turned down by search engines such as Google."
"Alibaba cash could fund small spending spree at Yahoo " "SAN FRANCISCO/BOSTON  Sept 18 Alibaba Group Holding Ltd's upcoming public offering will give Yahoo Inc billions of dollars for a potential shopping spree that investors hope will jumpstart its comeback."
"EU regulators agree on guidelines for 'right to be forgotten' complaints " "BRUSSELS European regulators have agreed on criteria for judging appeals for the ""right to be forgotten""  taking into account public profiles or crime for example  when search engines such as Google turn down requests to have information deleted from search results."
"Google  Mercedes  Audi get California permits for self-driving cars " "California issued its first 29 permits this week to three companies to test self-driving cars on public roads  state officials said on Thursday."
"UPDATE 1-EU regulators agree on guidelines for ""right to be forgotten"" complaints " "* Regulators seek ""toolbox"" to weigh privacy vs public interest"
"UPDATE 1-Google  Mercedes  Audi get California permits for self-driving cars " "(Adds Google as having most permits  background from California DMV)"
"INDIA PRESS-Google earmarks 1 bln rupees for Android One campaign in India - Economic Times " "Note: Reuters has not verified this story and does not vouch for its accuracy.   (Compiled by Derek Francis in Bangalore)"
"Google selects HTC for upcoming Nexus tablet: WSJ " "Google Inc has selected HTC Corp to make its upcoming 9-inch Nexus tablet  the Wall Street Journal reported  citing people familiar with the matter."
"Google selects HTC for upcoming Nexus tablet - WSJ " "Sept 22 Google Inc has selected HTC Corp to make its upcoming 9-inch Nexus tablet  the Wall Street Journal reported  citing people familiar with the matter."
"INDIA PRESS-Sterlite Tech working on Google Fibre project clone-Economic Times " "Note: Reuters has not verified this story and does not vouch for its accuracy.   (Compiled by Aby Jose Koilparambil in Bangalore)"
"REFILE-INDIA PRESS-Google in talks with Airtel to usher in carrier billing - Economic Times " "(Refiles to add source in headline) (http://bit.ly/1C2mvGz)"
"UPDATE 1-Google selects HTC for upcoming Nexus tablet - WSJ " "Sept 22 Google Inc has selected HTC Corp to make its upcoming 9-inch Nexus tablet  the Wall Street Journal reported  citing people familiar with the matter."
"EU's Almunia says may probe Google's non-search services " "BRUSSELS Google Inc  the target of an EU antitrust investigation into its internet search engine  may face further scrutiny over its other services following several complaints  Europe's antitrust chief said on Tuesday."
"EU's Almunia says may probe Google's non-search services " "* Google's non-search services such as Google+  YouTube under fire"
"Google to build 600 million euro data center in the Netherlands " "AMSTERDAM Google will build a 600 million euro ($773.58 million) data center in the northern Netherlands  the company said on Tuesday."
"Google to build 600 mln euro data centre in the Netherlands " "AMSTERDAM  Sept 23 Google will build a 600 million euro (773.58 million US dollar) data centre in the northern Netherlands  the company said on Tuesday."
"Driving while texting with Google Glass as distracting as phone -study " "ORLANDO  Fla.  Sept 25 The first scientific study of driving while texting with Google Glass found that the hands-free eyewear is no safer to use on the road than a smartphone."
"Driving while texting with Google Glass as distracting as phone: study " "ORLANDO Fla. The first scientific study of driving while texting with Google Glass found that the hands-free eyewear is no safer to use on the road than a smartphone."
"EU privacy watchdogs give Google guidelines to change privacy practices " "BRUSSELS  Sept 25 European data privacy regulators on Thursday handed Google a package of guidelines to help it bring the way it collects and stores user data in line with EU law after six regulators opened investigations into the internet giant."
"Google fires back at News Corp; defends search  piracy practices " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc hit back at News Corp on Thursday for calling it a platform for piracy and an ""unaccountable bureaucracy "" in a point-by-point rebuttal that stressed the Internet search company's commitment to fighting online crime."
"Google fires back at News Corp; defends search  piracy practices " "SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 25 Google Inc hit back at News Corp on Thursday for calling it a platform for piracy and an ""unaccountable bureaucracy "" in a point-by-point rebuttal that stressed the Internet search company's commitment to fighting online crime."
"INDIA PRESS-GroupM  Google join hands to launch festive sales online - Economic Times " "Note: Reuters has not verified this story and does not vouch for its accuracy.   (Compiled by Aby Jose Koilparambil in Bangalore)"
"Driving while texting with Google Glass as distracting as phone: study " "ORLANDO Fla. The first scientific study of driving while texting with Google Glass found that the hands-free eyewear is no safer to use on the road than a smartphone."
"EU privacy watchdogs give Google guidelines to change privacy practices " "BRUSSELS European data privacy regulators on Thursday handed Google a package of guidelines to help it bring the way it collects and stores user data in line with EU law after six regulators opened investigations into the internet giant."
"REFILE-EU privacy watchdogs give Google guidelines to change privacy practices " "BRUSSELS  Sept 25 European data privacy regulators on Thursday handed Google a package of guidelines to help it bring the way it collects and stores user data in line with EU law after six regulators opened investigations into the internet giant."
"UPDATE 1-Driving while texting with Google Glass as distracting as phone -study " "ORLANDO  Fla.  Sept 25 The first scientific study of driving while texting with Google Glass found that the hands-free eyewear is no safer to use on the road than a smartphone."
"UPDATE 3-Hackers exploit 'Shellshock' bug with worms in early attacks " "(Adds bulletins from Amazon and Google in seventh paragraph)"
"Canada's TV watchdog to ignore Netflix  Google after data denial " "TORONTO Canada's broadcast regulator said on Monday it will ignore evidence from Internet-based video providers Netflix Inc and Google Inc when making new rules for television after the companies refused to hand over some data."
"Canada's TV watchdog to ignore Netflix  Google after data denial " "TORONTO  Sept 29 Canada's broadcast regulator said on Monday it will ignore evidence from Internet-based video providers Netflix Inc and Google Inc when making new rules for television after the companies refused to hand over some data."
"EU telecoms nominee stands up for net neutrality " "BRUSSELS  Sept 29 Telecoms operators should not be allowed to strike lucrative deals with bandwidth-hungry content providers such as Netflix and Google  to provide them with quicker Internet access  the incoming EU telecoms commissioner said on Monday."
"EU telecoms nominee stands up for net neutrality " "BRUSSELS Telecoms operators should not be allowed to strike lucrative deals with bandwidth-hungry content providers such as Netflix and Google to provide them with quicker Internet access  the incoming EU telecoms commissioner said on Monday."
"Taxes  fees: the worldwide battle between utilities and solar " "MADRID/SYDNEY (This version of the Sept. 28 story has been repeated with no changes in text)"
"German privacy watchdog tells Google to restrict use of data " "FRANKFURT A German data protection watchdog told Google Inc on Tuesday to seek users' permission for creating data profiles from its various services  adding to pressure on the U.S. technology giant in Europe over its privacy policy."
"German privacy watchdog tells Google to restrict use of data " "FRANKFURT  Sept 30 A German data protection watchdog told Google Inc on Tuesday to seek users' permission for creating data profiles from its various services  adding to pressure on the U.S. technology giant in Europe over its privacy policy."
"Google searches for right note in online music business " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc is planning new and revamped streaming-music services in coming weeks  searching for a way to stand out in an increasingly crowded field of rivals from Apple Inc and Amazon.com Inc to Spotify."
"Google searches for right note in online music business " "SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 30 Google Inc   is planning new and revamped streaming-music services in coming weeks  searching for a way to stand out in an increasingly crowded field of rivals from Apple Inc and Amazon.com Inc to Spotify."
"U.S. attorney general criticizes Apple  Google data encryption " "WASHINGTON Joining a cry from law enforcement officials concerned about data encryption on Apple's newest operating system  U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said on Tuesday that officers should not be blocked from the information they need to investigate a crime."
"U.S. attorney general criticizes Apple  Google data encryption " "WASHINGTON  Sept 30 Joining a cry from law enforcement officials concerned about data encryption on Apple's  newest operating system  U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said on Tuesday that officers should not be blocked from the information they need to investigate a crime."
"Cyberark listing puts Israeli venture capital fund in the spotlight " "* Firm has invested around $1 billion in scores of start-ups"
"CORRECTED-Dubai detectives to get Google Glass to fight crime " "(Corrects headline to show recognition database software developed by police not Google)"
"Dubai detectives to get Google Glass to fight crime " "DUBAI Dubai police plan to issue detectives with Google Glass hands-free eyewear to help them fight crime using facial recognition technology  a police spokesman in the wealthy Gulf Arab emirate said."
"Ex-Googler leads Softbank invasion of Hollywood " "Oct 2 Softbank Corp's investment in a Hollywood movie studio represents the coming out party for two new players in the U.S. entertainment industry -- the Japanese telecommunications company and Nikesh Arora  the former Google Inc executive running a new media and internet company."
"Ex-Googler leads Softbank invasion of Hollywood " "Softbank Corp’s investment in a Hollywood movie studio represents the coming out party for two new players in the U.S. entertainment industry -- the Japanese telecommunications company and Nikesh Arora  the former Google Inc executive running a new media and internet company."
"Google threatened with lawsuit over leaked celebrity photos: NY Post " "A lawyer who represents about a dozen female celebrities whose private photos were posted online by hackers has threatened to sue Google Inc for failing to take the photos off its websites  according to the New York Post."
"Google threatened with lawsuit over leaked celebrity photos-reports " "Oct 2 A lawyer who represents about a dozen female celebrities whose private photos were posted online by hackers has threatened to sue Google Inc for failing to take the photos off its websites  according to reports."
"UPDATE 1-Google threatened with lawsuit over leaked celebrity photos -NY Post " "Oct 2 A lawyer who represents about a dozen female celebrities whose private photos were posted online by hackers has threatened to sue Google Inc for failing to take the photos off its websites  according to the New York Post."
"Exclusive: Acting head of U.S. patent office considered for top job permanently- sources " "WASHINGTON The acting head of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office  former Google Inc executive Michelle Lee  is being seriously considered to permanently head the agency  sources have told Reuters."
"Google to launch own mobile chat app -Economic Times " "Oct 3 Software giant Google Inc plans to launch a mobile messaging app it is likely to test in India and other emerging markets  the Economic Times newspaper reported on Friday  citing sources."
"Google to launch own mobile chat app: Economic Times " "Software giant Google Inc plans to launch a mobile messaging app it is likely to test in India and other emerging markets  the Economic Times newspaper reported on Friday  citing sources."
"RPT-Ex-Googler leads Softbank invasion of Hollywood " "Oct 2 Softbank Corp's investment in a Hollywood movie studio represents the coming out party for two new players in the U.S. entertainment industry -- the Japanese telecommunications company and Nikesh Arora  the former Google Inc executive running a new media and internet company."
"UPDATE 1-Market Chatter-Corporate finance press digest " "(Adds items on RadioShack  Google  Goldman Sachs  Facebook. Removes Anadolu Group)"
"Investors  activists press eBay  others to break up with ALEC " "WASHINGTON More than 80 environmental  labor and civic groups on Tuesday urged eBay Inc to end its association with the political group the American Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC)  weeks after Google Inc abruptly left ALEC over its views on climate change."
"Investors  activists press eBay  others to break up with ALEC " "WASHINGTON  Oct 7 More than 80 environmental  labor and civic groups on Tuesday urged eBay Inc to end its association with the political group the American Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC)  weeks after Google Inc  abruptly left ALEC over its views on climate change."
"Twitter sues U.S. Justice Department for right to reveal surveillance requests " "SAN FRANCISCO Twitter Inc  sued the U.S. Department of Justice on Tuesday  intensifying its battle with federal agencies as the Internet industry's self-described champion of free speech seeks the right to reveal the extent of U.S. government surveillance."
"Twitter sues U.S. Justice Dept for right to reveal surveillance requests " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 7 Twitter Inc has sued the U.S. Department of Justice and the Federal Bureau of Investigation seeking the right to provide more specifics about the extent of U.S. government surveillance and requests for information from federal agencies."
"Google asks Supreme Court to decide Oracle copyright fight " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc  has asked the U.S. Supreme Court to wade into contentious litigation against Oracle Corp   arguing that the high court must act to protect innovation in high tech."
"Google asks U.S. Supreme Court to enter Oracle copyright fight " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 8 Google Inc has asked the U.S. Supreme Court to wade into contentious litigation against Oracle Corp and reverse a lower court ruling that found parts of the Java programming language subject to copyright protection."
"UPDATE 1-Google asks U.S. Supreme Court to decide Oracle copyright fight " "(Adds quote from Google brief  background on the case  paragraphs 3-8)"
"Google wins bid on which court to fight Rockstar over patents " "WASHINGTON  Oct 9 Google Inc will fight patent holder Rockstar Consortium in a California court instead of a Texas court that lawyers consider more friendly toward plaintiffs."
"Ireland likely to phase out 'Double Irish' tax regime: sources " "DUBLIN Ireland is set to announce legal changes next week to phase out the ""Double Irish"" tax arrangement that has let firms such as Google  save billions of dollars  two sources familiar with the matter said."
"Ireland likely to phase out ""Double Irish"" tax regime - sources " "* Dublin set to change tax residency rules in Oct. 14 budget"
"Xiaomi signs former Google exec as India lead products manager " "Oct 13 Chinese smartphone company Xiaomi has named a new lead products manager for its India unit as the company ramps up its team in the world's third biggest smartphone market."
"Deals of the day- Mergers and acquisitions " "Oct 14 The following bids  mergers  acquisitions and disposals were reported by 2000 GMT on Tuesday:"
"German vice chancellor urges stricter rules for Google and peers " "BERLIN  Oct 14 Germany's economy minister warned during a debate with Google chairman Eric Schmidt on Tuesday that the tech giant's dominant position might undermine democratic rights and hamper competition  adding that stricter regulation is needed."
"Google discloses vulnerability in SSL web encryption technology " "BOSTON  Oct 14 A Google Inc spokesman said on Tuesday that researchers with the company have uncovered a vulnerability in widely used SSL web encryption technology  finding a bug in the SSL 3.0 protocol.   (Reporting by Jim Finkle)"
"Google expands shopping delivery service in U.S. " "Google Inc said it would expand its same-day shopping delivery service to three new U.S. cities and start charging customers for the service  which competes with Amazon.com Inc."
"Google expands shopping delivery service in U.S. " "Oct 14 Google Inc said it would expand its same-day shopping delivery service to three new U.S. cities and start charging customers for the service  which competes with Amazon.com Inc."
"Tech workers ask appeals court to reject Apple  Google bid " "SAN FRANCISCO Employees suing Apple  Google and two other tech companies over hiring practices said an appeals court should not approve a $324.5 million settlement in the case  according to a court filing on Tuesday."
"Tech workers ask appeals court to reject Apple  Google bid " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 14 Employees suing Apple   Google and two other tech companies over hiring practices said an appeals court should not approve a $324.5 million settlement in the case  according to a court filing on Tuesday."
"UPDATE 1-Researchers find new web encryption bug  warn of 'Poodle' attack " "(Adds slug  background  details on bug and ""Poodle"" attack)"
"UPDATE 1-Tech workers ask appeals court to reject Apple  Google bid " "(Adds Intel and Apple declined to comment  additional background)"
"UPDATE 3-Ireland calls time on austerity  ""Double Irish"" tax dodge " "* Ireland to end tax regime that saved multinationals billions"
"Google tests waters for potential ultra-fast wireless service " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc is preparing to test new technology that may provide the foundation for a wireless version of its high-speed ""Fiber"" Internet service  according to telecommunication experts who scrutinized the company's regulatory filings."
"UPDATE 2-New Poodle web threat not seen as menacing as Heartbleed  Shellshock " "(Adds comments from Mozilla  Google  Microsoft  security expert)"
"FBI director warns new phone encryption could thwart probes " "WASHINGTON U.S. FBI Director James Comey on Thursday made his strongest comments yet about encryption features built into new cell phones by Google Inc  and Apple Inc   warning they could hurt law enforcement efforts to crack homicide and child exploitation cases."
"For tech firms  the cloud makes carbon curbs compulsory " "NEW YORK As mobile devices proliferate and big business turns to cloud computing to cut costs and improve efficiency  technology companies are facing a double challenge: powering energy-hungry data centers to expand the cloud while keeping carbon emissions from skyrocketing."
"Google's revenue falls short despite curbing price declines " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc's revenue fell short of Wall Street's expectations as growth in Internet advertising slowed in the most-recent quarter  offsetting a modest improvement in ad pricing  sending its shares down about 3 percent."
"Google's third-quarter revenue increases 20 percent " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 16 Google Inc's   third-quarter revenue increased 20 percent  as a long-running decline in its online advertising rates showed signs of moderating."
"UPDATE 1-White House nominates former Google exec Lee to head patent office " "(Adds details  comment from U.S. Commerce Secretary; byline)"
"UPDATE 2-Google's revenue falls short despite curbing price declines " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 16 Google Inc's  revenue fell short of Wall Street's expectations as growth in Internet advertising slowed in the most-recent quarter  offsetting a modest improvement in ad pricing  sending its shares down about 3 percent."
"U.S. FBI director warns that new phone encryption could thwart probes " "WASHINGTON  Oct 16 U.S. FBI Director James Comey on Thursday made his strongest comments yet about encryption features built into new cell phones by Google Inc and Apple Inc  warning they could hurt law enforcement efforts to crack homicide and child exploitation cases."
"US STOCKS-S&P 500  Nasdaq end higher with energy; Dow down 6th day " "* Indexes: Dow down 0.2 pct  S&P up 0.01 pct  Nasdaq up 0.1 pct   (Updates close with volume  Google down after the bell)"
"White House nominates former Google exec Lee to head patent office " "WASHINGTON The White House on Thursday nominated Michelle Lee to be  director of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office  which the former Google executive has led on an acting basis since January."
"White House nominates former Google executive Lee to lead U.S. patent office " "WASHINGTON  Oct 16 The White House on Thursday nominated Michelle Lee to be director of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office  which the former executive with Internet giant Google Inc has led on an acting basis since January."
"Google's revenue falls short despite curbing price declines " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc's revenue fell short of Wall Street's expectations as growth in Internet advertising slowed in the most-recent quarter  offsetting a modest improvement in ad pricing  sending its shares down about 3 percent."
"Augmented reality startup Magic Leap raises $542 mln from Google  others " "Oct 21 Magic Leap Inc  a startup focused on augmented reality technology  said it raised $542 million in a funding round led by Google Inc  which also attracted investment from Qualcomm Inc  the world's No. 1 mobile phone chipmaker."
"Mystery startup Magic Leap raises $542 million from Google  others " "Magic Leap Inc  a startup focused on augmented reality technology  said it raised $542 million in a funding round led by Google Inc."
"UPDATE 1-Mystery startup Magic Leap raises $542 mln from Google  others " "Oct 21 Magic Leap Inc  a startup focused on augmented reality technology  said it raised $542 million in a funding round led by Google Inc."
"Google launches new email service dubbed 'Inbox' " "Google Inc  launched an email service called ""Inbox"" on Wednesday that will better organize emails and display information such as appointments  flight bookings and package deliveries in a more user-friendly way."
"Google launches new email service dubbed ""Inbox"" " "Oct 22 Google Inc launched an email service called ""Inbox"" on Wednesday that allows users to organize emails and reminders and shows information such as flight bookings  events and package deliveries in a more user-friendly way."
"UPDATE 1-Google launches new email service dubbed ""Inbox"" " "Oct 22 Google Inc launched an email service called ""Inbox"" on Wednesday that will better organize emails and display information such as appointments  flight bookings and package deliveries in a more user-friendly way."
"Google bolsters artificial intelligence efforts  partners with Oxford " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc is expanding its artificial intelligence initiative  hiring more than half a dozen leading academics and experts in the field and announcing a partnership with Oxford University to ""accelerate"" its efforts."
"Google bolsters artificial intelligence efforts  partners with Oxford " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 23 Google Inc   is expanding its artificial intelligence initiative  hiring more than half a dozen leading academics and experts in the field and announcing a partnership with Oxford University to ""accelerate"" its efforts."
"Google commits to $1 billion in long-term office leases " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 23 Google Inc   said it is committed to spending $1 billion to lease office buildings over the next 13 to 14 years."
"Google's Pichai to oversee major products and services -blog " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 24 Google Inc   Chief Executive Officer Larry Page has put Sundar Pichai  one of his key lieutenants  in charge of the Internet company's products  according to technology blog Re/code."
"Google's Pichai to oversee major products and services " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc Chief Executive Officer Larry Page has put Sundar Pichai  one of his key lieutenants  in charge of the Internet company's products."
"UPDATE 1-Google's Pichai to oversee major products and services " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 24 Google Inc   Chief Executive Officer Larry Page has put Sundar Pichai  one of his key lieutenants  in charge of the Internet company's products."
"Google executive sets new stratosphere skydive world record " "A skydiving Google executive is safely back on Earth after jumping out of a giant balloon floating in the stratosphere more than 25 miles (40 km) above New Mexico  a feat that broke the sound barrier and shattered a world altitude record."
"Google executive sets new stratosphere skydive world record " "Oct 25 A skydiving Google executive is safely back on Earth after jumping out of a giant balloon floating in the stratosphere more than 25 miles (40 km) above New Mexico  a feat that broke the sound barrier and shattered a world altitude record."
"EU's Oettinger mulls levy on Google -Handelsblatt " "FRANKFURT  Oct 28 The European Union's new digital commissioner Guenther Oettinger is mulling an internet copyright levy  taking aim at Google  he told German newspaper Handelsblatt."
"EU's Oettinger mulls levy on Google: Handelsblatt " "FRANKFURT The European Union's new digital commissioner Guenther Oettinger is mulling an internet copyright levy  taking aim at Google  he told German newspaper Handelsblatt."
"Former Google executive's app aims to tackle chronic illness " "SAN FRANCISCO Having difficulty managing chronic disease? Now there's an app for that."
"Google's YouTube explores paid  ad-free video service " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 28 YouTube  the popular online video service owned by Google Inc   is planning to offer a paid  ad-free version  the head of the site said."
"Google's YouTube explores paid  ad-free video service " "SAN FRANCISCO YouTube  the popular online video service owned by Google Inc  is planning to offer a paid  ad-free version  the head of the site said."
"Former Google executive gets into payment terminals " "LAGUNA BEACH Calif. The former head of Google Inc’s mobile wallet is drawing on the lessons of that failed initiative in his latest payments startup  Poynt."
"Google's Page  Virgin's Branson backed satellite on failed launch " "NEW YORK  Oct 29 Google Inc Chief Executive Officer and Co-founder Larry Page and Chairman Eric Schmidt are among a roster of billionaires who backed a small satellite built by privately held Planetary Resources Inc that was aboard an unmanned rocket that blew up during a launch on Tuesday."
"Google's Page  Virgin's Branson backed satellite on failed launch " "NEW YORK/SEATTLE Billionaire investors in a small  Seattle-area company that aims to one day mine resources on asteroids have not been deterred by an unmanned rocket explosion that destroyed their test satellite  the company said on Wednesday."
"REFILE-Former Google executive gets into payment terminals " "LAGUNA BEACH  Calif.  Oct 28 The former head of Google Inc's mobile wallet is drawing on the lessons of that failed initiative in his latest payments startup  Poynt."
"UPDATE 1-Google's Page  Virgin's Branson backed satellite on failed launch " "(Recasts to add comment from company president on investor reaction and details about future programs  insurance)"
"U.S. judge says Google settlement over pharma ads is fair " "OAKLAND Calif. A U.S. judge said Google's plan to create a $250 million internal program to disrupt rogue online pharmacies is a fair way to end shareholder litigation over accusations the search company improperly allowed ads from non-U.S. drug sellers."
"U.S. judge says Google settlement over pharma ads is fair " "OAKLAND  Calif.  Oct 29 A U.S. judge said Google's plan to create a $250 million internal program to disrupt rogue online pharmacies is a fair way to end shareholder litigation over accusations the search company improperly allowed ads from non-U.S. drug sellers."
"Lenovo closes $2.91 bln acquisition of Motorola unit from Google " "BEIJING  Oct 30 China's Lenovo Group Ltd  said Thursday it has closed its $2.91 bln acquisition of the Motorola handset unit from Google Inc  paving the way for a fresh assault on the U.S. smartphone market."
"Twitter product chief sidelined as user engagement slides " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 30 Twitter Inc has sidelined the product chief it recently poached from rival Google Inc  in the latest executive reshuffle at the online messaging service  according to a source familiar with the situation."
"Twitter product chief sidelined as user engagement slides " "SAN FRANCISCO Twitter Inc has sidelined the product chief it recently poached from rival Google Inc  in the latest executive reshuffle at the online messaging service  according to a source familiar with the situation."
"UPDATE 2-China's Baidu says mobile investment a priority as Q3 revenue falls short " "* Forecasts 45.4 to 49.6 percent rise in 4Q revenue   (Recasts with executive comments  adds details  analyst comment)"
"Android co-founder Andy Rubin to leave Google " "Google Inc said on Thursday that Andy Rubin  co-founder of its Android mobile business and head of its nascent robotics effort is leaving the company."
"Android co-founder Andy Rubin to leave Google " "Oct 30 Google Inc said on Thursday that Andy Rubin  co-founder of its Android mobile business and head of its nascent robotics effort is leaving the company."
"EU official criticises Google meetings on right to be forgotten ruling " "BRUSSELS  Nov 4 A senior EU official criticised a series of public meetings held in Europe by Google  on a landmark court ruling on the ""right to be forgotten""  saying the meetings were part of lobbying efforts against EU data protection rules."
"EU official criticizes Google meetings on right to be forgotten ruling " "BRUSSELS A senior EU official criticized a series of public meetings held in Europe by Google on a landmark court ruling on the ""right to be forgotten""  saying the meetings were part of lobbying efforts against EU data protection rules."
"Google Glass may obstruct peripheral vision " "(Reuters Health) - The characteristic hardware of the Google Glass frame partially obstructs peripheral vision above the right eye  according to an ophthalmologist who owns the wearable tech himself."
"Big companies disclose too little on operations abroad: watchdog " "BERLIN The world's biggest companies disclose little or no financial details about their operations abroad  according to a report by Transparency International  which singled out Chinese companies but pointed to U.S. tech giants like Amazon  and Google  as well."
"Big companies disclose too little on operations abroad -watchdog " "* Many Chinese firms fare badly -Transparency International"
"Germany's top publisher bows to Google in news licensing row " "FRANKFURT Germany's biggest news publisher Axel Springer has scrapped a move to block Google from running snippets of articles from its newspapers  saying that the experiment had caused traffic to its sites to plunge."
"Germany's top publisher bows to Google in news licensing row " "FRANKFURT  Nov 5 Germany's biggest news publisher Axel Springer has scrapped a bid to block Google from running snippets of articles from its newspapers  saying that the experiment had caused traffic to its sites to plunge."
"Google to offer Foundation Medicine's cancer tests as latest health benefit " "SAN FRANCISCO Google will soon start covering the cost of Foundation Medicine's DNA tests for employees and their family-members suffering from cancer  as part of its health benefits portfolio."
"Google to offer Foundation Medicine's cancer tests as latest health benefit " "SAN FRANCISCO  Nov 5 Google will soon start covering the cost of Foundation Medicine's DNA tests for employees and their family-members suffering from cancer  as part of its health benefits portfolio."
"UPDATE 1-Big companies disclose too little on operations abroad -watchdog " "* Many Chinese firms fare badly: Transparency International"
"UPDATE 1-Germany's top publisher bows to Google in news licensing row " "(Adds details of publications Springer used in Google test)"
"Drugmakers look to push the boundaries of old age " "ZURICH Google's ambition to defy the limits of ageing has fired up interest in the field  drawing in drug companies who are already quietly pioneering research  despite the regulatory and clinical hurdles that remain."
"MEDIA-Google in race with Facebook  Microsoft for a slice of digital India - Economic Times " "- Note: Reuters has not verified this story and does not vouch for its accuracy"
"EU's antitrust chief says needs time to resolve Google probe " "BRUSSELS Europe's new antitrust chief said on Tuesday that she would take some time to decide on the next step of a four-year-long investigation into Google after her predecessor scrapped a proposed settlement with the Internet giant."
"EU's antitrust chief says needs time to resolve Google probe " "BRUSSELS  Nov 11 Europe's new antitrust chief said on Tuesday that she needed more time to decide on the next step of a four-year-long investigation into Google  a case which her predecessor failed to resolve."
"Google offers Fiber plan to small businesses in Kansas City " "Google Inc said it is offering early access to its super-fast fiber-optic network for small businesses in certain areas in Kansas City  Kansas."
"Google offers Fiber plan to small businesses in Kansas City " "Nov 11 Google Inc said it is offering early access to its super-fast fiber-optic network for small businesses in certain areas in Kansas City  Kansas."
"RPT-EU's antitrust chief says needs time to resolve Google probe " "BRUSSELS  Nov 11 Europe's new antitrust chief said on Tuesday that she needed more time to decide on the next step of a four-year-long investigation into Google  a case which her predecessor failed to resolve."
"UPDATE 1-EU's antitrust chief says needs time to resolve Google probe " "* EU's Vestager says will only investigate competition issues"
"Appeals court will revisit order to remove anti-Islamic film from YouTube " "SAN FRANCISCO A U.S. appeals court will reconsider whether Google Inc must remove from its YouTube video sharing service an anti-Islamic film that sparked protests across the Muslim world."
"Appeals court will revisit order to remove anti-Islamic film from YouTube " "SAN FRANCISCO  Nov 12 A U.S. appeals court said on Wednesday it will reconsider an order directing Google Inc  to remove an anti-Islamic film from its YouTube video sharing service."
"Google's DoubleClick ad network back up after outage " "Google Inc said its DoubleClick online advertisement service was back up after suffering an outage on Wednesday. | Video "
"Google's DoubleClick ad network suffers outage " "Nov 12 Google Inc's DoubleClick online advertisement service suffered an outage affecting many websites around the world  according to a report on tech blog The Next Web."
"UPDATE 1-Google's DoubleClick ad network back up after outage " "Nov 12 Google Inc said its DoubleClick online advertisement service was back up after suffering an outage on Wednesday."
"UPDATE 2-Appeals court will revisit order to remove anti-Islamic film from YouTube " "SAN FRANCISCO  Nov 12 A U.S. appeals court will reconsider whether Google Inc must remove from its YouTube video sharing service an anti-Islamic film that sparked protests across the Muslim world."
"Google contractor accuses company of pay  overtime violations in lawsuit " "Google was sued this week by a worker who claimed the company did not pay overtime  improperly classified him as an independent contractor then terminated him after he asked for more hours to be covered under his contract."
"Google contractor accuses company of pay  overtime violations in lawsuit " "Nov 13 Google was sued this week by a worker who claimed the company did not pay overtime  improperly classified him as an independent contractor then terminated him after he asked for more hours to be covered under his contract."
"U.S. court questions Motorola Mobility's price-fixing lawsuit " "CHICAGO  Nov 13 A U.S. appeals court appeared skeptical of mobile phone maker Motorola Mobility's attempt to sue several Asian suppliers for price-fixing  signaling a possible blow to the reach of U.S. antitrust law overseas."
"Google Glass future clouded as some early believers lose faith " "SAN FRANCISCO After two years of popping up at high-profile events sporting  Google Glass  the gadget that transforms eyeglasses into spy-movie worthy technology  Google co-founder Sergey Brin sauntered bare-faced into a Silicon Valley red-carpet event on Sunday."
"INSIGHT-Google Glass future clouded as some early believers lose faith " "SAN FRANCISCO  Nov 14 After two years of popping up at high-profile events sporting  Google Glass  the gadget that transforms eyeglasses into spy-movie worthy technology  Google co-founder Sergey Brin sauntered bare-faced into a Silicon Valley red-carpet event on Sunday."
"Google Glass future clouded as some early believers lose faith " "SAN FRANCISCO After two years of popping up at high-profile events sporting  Google Glass  the gadget that transforms eyeglasses into spy-movie worthy technology  Google co-founder Sergey Brin sauntered bare-faced into a Silicon Valley red-carpet event on Sunday."
"REFILE-INSIGHT-Google Glass future clouded as some early believers lose faith " "SAN FRANCISCO  Nov 14 After two years of popping up at high-profile events sporting  Google Glass  the gadget that transforms eyeglasses into spy-movie worthy technology  Google co-founder Sergey Brin sauntered bare-faced into a Silicon Valley red-carpet event on Sunday."
"Google to launch its app store in China: The Information " "Google Inc plans to launch Google Play app store in China  The Information news website said  citing several people familiar with the matter."
"Google to launch its app store in China - The Information " "Nov 19 Google Inc plans to launch Google Play app store in China  The Information news website said  citing several people familiar with the matter."
"Yahoo to replace Google as default U.S. Firefox search engine " "Nov 19 Yahoo Inc said on Wednesday it struck a deal to be the default search engine on the Firefox web browser on desktop PCs and mobile devices in the United States  replacing market leader Google Inc."
"Yahoo to replace Google as default U.S. Firefox search engine " "Yahoo Inc said on Wednesday it struck a deal to be the default search engine on the Firefox web browser on desktop PCs and mobile devices in the United States  replacing market leader Google Inc."
"Google  Rockstar agree to settle patent litigation-filing " "Nov 20 Google has agreed to settle litigation with patent consortium Rockstar  though terms of the deal were not disclosed in a court filing made public this week."
"UPDATE 1-Yahoo CEO says Firefox deal will boost search market share " "SAN FRANCISCO  Nov 19 Yahoo Inc struck a deal with Firefox maker Mozilla Corp to replace Google Inc  as the default search engine on the Firefox Web browser in the United States  a move that Yahoo Chief Executive Marissa Mayer said will help boost its flagging search market share."
"European Parliament may propose Google break-up in draft resolution " "By Alexei Oreskovic  Julia Fioretti and Alastair Macdonald"
"European parliament preparing to call for Google break-up -FT " "SAN FRANCISCO  Nov 21 The European Parliament is preparing to call for a break-up of Google Inc that would separate its search services from its other businesses  the Financial Times on Friday cited a draft motion as saying."
"European Parliament proposing Internet search-service unbundling -draft motion " "SAN FRANCISCO  Nov 21 The European Parliament is preparing to call for the separation of search engines from other commercial services to ensure a level playing field for the Internet industry  according to a draft motion seen by Reuters on Friday  presenting a threat to leading search engine Google Inc."
"European Parliament proposing Internet search-service unbundling " "SAN FRANCISCO The European Parliament is preparing to call for the separation of search engines from other commercial services to ensure a level playing field for the Internet industry  according to a draft motion seen by Reuters on Friday  presenting a threat to leading search engine Google Inc."
"UPDATE 3-European Parliament may propose Google break-up in draft resolution " "(Adds details of probe  context  lawmakers and industry comments)"
"EU digital tsar warns monopolists; Google foes play down call for break-up " "BRUSSELS The European Union's top official for digital markets said on Monday he was concerned that big tech companies may be abusing dominant positions  but he also said investigations into Google must not be rushed."
"EU lawmakers say not forging ideological war against Google " "BRUSSELS  Nov 24 Two European Union lawmakers  who are pushing for a resolution proposing that Google  be broken up  toned down their rhetoric on Monday by saying that there were other ways to curb the Internet search giant's power."
"EU lawmakers to vote on Google break-up motion on Thursday " "BRUSSELS  Nov 24 EU lawmakers will likely vote on Thursday on a motion proposing the break-up of Google  and other Internet technology companies  increasing political pressure on the bloc's antitrust regulators to take a stronger line on the group."
"UPDATE 1-EU digital tsar warns monopolists; Google foes play down call for break-up " "BRUSSELS  Nov 24 The European Union's top official for digital markets said on Monday he was concerned that big tech companies may be abusing dominant positions  but he also said investigations into Google must not be rushed."
"United States says EU's Google case should not be politicised " "BRUSSELS  Nov 25 The United States voiced concern on Tuesday over a draft plan by two EU lawmakers to break up Google Inc  saying politicians should not influence the EU's antitrust inquiry into the world's most popular Internet search engine."
"United States says EU's Google case should not be politicized " "BRUSSELS The United States voiced concern on Tuesday over a draft plan by two EU lawmakers to break up Google Inc   saying politicians should not influence the EU's antitrust inquiry into the world's most popular Internet search engine."
"UPDATE 1-United States says EU's Google case should not be politicised " "BRUSSELS  Nov 25 The United States voiced concern on Tuesday over a draft plan by two EU lawmakers to break up Google Inc  saying politicians should not influence the EU's antitrust inquiry into the world's most popular Internet search engine."
"Behind Google's Europe woes  American accents " "BRUSSELS When EU politicians call for the break-up of Google  it can sound like sour grapes  the anti-American backlash of an aging Europe envious  and fearful  of the wealth and growing power of young U.S. tech giants."
"INSIGHT-Behind Google's Europe woes  American accents " "* Google in firing line in Europe as lawmakers vote on break-up"
"EU lawmakers urge regulators to be tough on Google " "BRUSSELS  Nov 27 European Parliament lawmakers voted on Thursday in favour of a  resolution urging antitrust regulators to consider splitting Internet search engines such as Google from other commercial services  one of the bill's sponsors said."
"EU lawmakers urge regulators to break up Google " "BRUSSELS European Union lawmakers overwhelmingly backed a motion on Thursday urging anti-trust regulators to break up Google  the latest setback for the world's most popular Internet search engine."
"RPT-INSIGHT-Behind Google's Europe woes  American accents " "* Google in firing line in Europe as lawmakers vote on break-up"
"UPDATE 3-EU lawmakers urge regulators to break up Google " "* Google already mired in privacy  other issues   (Adds Franco-German call for review of competition rules)"
"EU lawmakers urge regulators to break up Google " "BRUSSELS European Union lawmakers overwhelmingly backed a motion on Thursday urging antitrust regulators to break up Google  the latest setback for the world's most popular Internet search engine."
"Gene company 23andme launches in UK after U.S. regulatory hurdle " "LONDON A controversial personal DNA testing kit from Google-backed genetics business 23andme was launched in Britain on Tuesday."
"Gene company 23andme launches in UK after U.S. regulatory hurdle " "LONDON  Dec 2 A controversial personal DNA testing kit from Google-backed genetics business 23andme was launched in Britain on Tuesday."
"Britain targets multinationals that try to dodge taxes " "LONDON Britain plans to introduce a tax to target multinationals such as Google Inc  and Amazon Inc  accused of using complex accounting schemes to cut their payments on earnings in the country."
"Google should pay authors for scanned books  U.S. appeals court told " "NEW YORK  Dec 3 Google Inc's massive effort to scan millions of books for a digital library violates copyright law  illegally depriving authors of licensing fees  royalties and sales  a lawyer for a group of authors told a U.S. appeals court on Wednesday."
"Google should pay authors for scanned books  U.S. appeals court told " "NEW YORK Google Inc's massive effort to scan millions of books for a digital library violates copyright law  illegally depriving authors of licensing fees  royalties and sales  a lawyer for a group of authors told a U.S. appeals court on Wednesday."
"Google should pay authors for scanned books  U.S. appeals court told " "NEW YORK Google Inc's massive effort to scan millions of books for a digital library violates copyright law  illegally depriving authors of licensing fees  royalties and sales  a lawyer for a group of authors told a U.S. appeals court on Wednesday."
"Google to introduce child-friendly versions of products-USA Today " "Dec 3 Google Inc plans to roll out child-friendly versions of its most popular products in a bid to be ""fun and safe for children""  USA Today reported  quoting Pavni Diwanji  the company's vice president of engineering."
"Google to introduce child-friendly versions of products-USA Today " "Google Inc plans to roll out child-friendly versions of its most popular products in a bid to be ""fun and safe for children""  USA Today reported  quoting Pavni Diwanji  the company's vice president of engineering."
"Luxottica signs deal with Intel to develop hi-tech glasses " "MILAN  Dec 3 Italy's Luxottica is joining forces with U.S. chipmaker Intel Corp to develop glasses that combine its top fashion brands with technology that could allow wearers to access information about their health or location."
"Luxottica signs deal with Intel to develop hi-tech glasses " "MILAN Italy's Luxottica is joining forces with U.S. chipmaker Intel Corp to develop glasses that combine its top fashion brands with technology that could allow wearers to access information about their health or location."
"UPDATE 3-Britain targets multinationals that try to dodge taxes " "* Expects to raise more than 1 bln stg over five years   (Adds Breakingviews link)"
"Britain targets multinationals that try to dodge taxes " "LONDON Britain plans to introduce a tax to target multinationals such as Google Inc  and Amazon Inc  accused of using complex accounting schemes to cut their payments on earnings in the country."
"Dubai's world-beating skyscraper now in Google Street View " "Armchair travelers can visit the world's tallest skyscraper and inspect one of the largest shopping malls with the addition of Dubai to Google Street View  Google said on Tuesday."
"Dubai's world-beating skyscraper now in Google Street View " "Dec 9 Armchair travelers can visit the world's tallest skyscraper and inspect one of the largest shopping malls with the addition of Dubai to Google Street View  Google  said on Tuesday."
"Internet firms push to be left out of EU cybersecurity law " "BRUSSELS Internet companies like Cisco  and Google  are seeking to be excluded from a new EU cybersecurity law that would force them to adopt tough security measures and report serious security breaches to national authorities."
"Internet firms push to be left out of EU cybersecurity law " "* Internet firms argue they are not critical infrastructure"
"UK 'Google tax' will target inter-company payments " "LONDON A new British tax on companies that shift profits out of the country and into tax havens will target inter-company fees for services like use of intellectual property  according to a Treasury document seen by Reuters."
"UK 'Google tax' will target inter-company payments " "LONDON  Dec 9 A new British tax on companies that shift profits out of the country and into tax havens will target inter-company fees for services like use of intellectual property  according to a Treasury document seen by Reuters."
"UPDATE 1-UK 'Google tax' will target inter-company payments " "LONDON  Dec 9 A British tax on companies that shift profits out of the country and into tax havens will target inter-company fees for services such as the use of intellectual property  according to draft legislation published on Wednesday."
"EU's Vestager to meet Google complainants in coming weeks " "BRUSSELS  Dec 11 Europe's antitrust chief will meet Google's critics in the coming weeks in an effort to resolve issues in a four-year investigation which has stirred up politicians and lawmakers on both sides of the Atlantic."
"EU's Vestager to meet Google complainants in coming weeks " "BRUSSELS Europe's antitrust chief will meet Google's critics in the coming weeks in an effort to resolve issues in a four-year investigation which has stirred up politicians and lawmakers on both sides of the Atlantic."
"Google to close news service in Spain " "Dec 11 Google Inc said it will close Google News in Spain due to a new regulation that requires Spanish publications to charge services like Google News for showing even the smallest snippet from their publications."
"Google to donate $2 million to San Francisco homeless groups " "SAN FRANCISCO  Dec 11 Google Inc  which has been criticized for exacerbating income inequality in San Francisco  on Thursday said it will donate $2 million to help the city's large homeless population."
"Google to donate $2 million to San Francisco homeless groups " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc  which has been criticized for exacerbating income inequality in San Francisco  on Thursday said it will donate $2 million to help the city’s large homeless population."
"Google to shut down news site in Spain over copyright fees " "LONDON Google said it plans to close its news-linking service in Spain in response to legislation under which publishers will soon be able to force Internet sites to pay for re-publishing headlines or snippets of news."
"REPEAT-UPDATE 2-Google to shut down news site in Spain over copyright fees " "* Smaller publishers likely to be most affected   (adds impact of Google moves  European context  details on online news market in Spain)"
"Google to close engineering office in Russia - WSJ " "Dec 11 Google Inc has plans to shut down its engineering office in Russia amid a crackdown on internet freedoms and a law regarding data-handling practices  the Wall Street Journal reported."
"Google to close engineering office in Russia: WSJ " "Google Inc has plans to shut down its engineering office in Russia amid a crackdown on internet freedoms and a law regarding data-handling practices  the Wall Street Journal reported."
"Max Sound files patent suit against Google  YouTube in Germany " "Dec 12 Technology company Max Sound Corp  said it filed a lawsuit against Google Inc  and YouTube in Germany earlier this month  alleging infringement of a video-streaming patent."
"Max Sound files patent suit against Google  YouTube in Germany " "Technology company Max Sound Corp said it filed a lawsuit against Google Inc and YouTube in Germany earlier this month  alleging infringement of a video-streaming patent."
"Max Sound files patent suit against Google  YouTube in Germany " "Technology company Max Sound Corp said it filed a lawsuit against Google Inc and YouTube in Germany earlier this month  alleging infringement of a video-streaming patent."
"Ex-Google employees launch app to make you smarter about health  fitness " "SAN FRANCISCO A group of former Google employees are betting they can boost the world's medical knowledge with a mobile IQ test."
"Ex-Google employees launch app to make you smarter about health  fitness " "SAN FRANCISCO  Dec 15 A group of former Google employees are betting they can boost the world's medical knowledge with a mobile IQ test."
"Google faces $18 million fine for web privacy violations: Dutch watchdog " "AMSTERDAM Google  could be fined up 15 million euros ($18.6 million) if it does not stop violating the privacy of Internet users in the Netherlands  the Dutch data protection agency said on Monday."
"Google faces $18 mln fine for web privacy violations - Dutch watchdog " "AMSTERDAM  Dec 15 Google could be fined up 15 million euros ($18.6 million) if it does not stop violating the privacy of Internet users in the Netherlands  the Dutch data protection agency said on Monday."
"Google looks to head off U.S. antitrust lawsuit over Android " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  Dec 18 Google will try to persuade a U.S. judge on Thursday to dismiss an antitrust lawsuit over its Android smartphone operating system  as the Internet search company faces increased regulatory pressure from European authorities."
"Google looks to head off U.S. antitrust lawsuit over Android " "SAN JOSE  Calif. Google will try to persuade a U.S. judge on Thursday to dismiss an antitrust lawsuit over its Android smartphone operating system  as the Internet search company faces increased regulatory pressure from European authorities."
"UPDATE 1-U.S. judge concerned Google antitrust lawsuit too vague " "(Rewrites throughout to add judge orders more details in antitrust lawsuit against Google)"
"U.S. judge concerned Google antitrust lawsuit too vague " "SAN JOSE  Calif. A judge on Thursday said she would require consumers suing Google over its Android smartphone operating system to submit more factual details in order for an antitrust lawsuit to proceed  at a time when the Internet search company faces increased regulatory pressure."
"U.S. judge says concerned about Google antitrust lawsuit " "SAN JOSE  Calif.  Dec 18 A U.S. judge said on Thursday she would require consumers suing Google to submit additional factual details in order for an antitrust lawsuit over Android to proceed."
"Exclusive: Google aiming to go straight into car with next Android - sources " "SAN FRANCISCO/DETROIT Google Inc  is laying the groundwork for a version of Android that would be built directly into cars  sources said  allowing drivers to enjoy all the benefits of the Internet without even plugging in their smartphones."
"FBI arrests Colorado man over online threats to kill police " "DENVER FBI agents arrested a Colorado man who posted online threats advocating the killing of police officers after investigators received a tip-off about one of the messages from Google  prosecutors said on Tuesday."
"FBI arrests Colorado man over online threats to kill police " "DENVER FBI agents arrested a Colorado man who posted online threats advocating the killing of police officers after investigators received a tip about one of the messages from Google  prosecutors said on Tuesday."
"Google's YouTube tentatively agrees to stream 'The Interview' -CNN " "Dec 24 Google Inc's YouTube unit has tentatively agreed to distribute the Sony Pictures film ""The Interview "" at the center of a destructive cyber attack  offering online rentals beginning on Thursday  CNN reported."
"Google weighed security  free speech in move to stream Sony film " "Dec 24 Google Inc said on Wednesday it weighed the security implications of screening the Sony Pictures film  ""The Interview "" a comedy whose depiction of the assassination of North Korea's leader was blamed for a massive cyberattack."
"Google weighed security  free speech in move to stream Sony film " "Google Inc said on Wednesday it weighed the security implications of screening the Sony Pictures film  ""The Interview "" a comedy whose depiction of the assassination of North Korea's leader was blamed for a massive cyberattack."
"UPDATE 1-Google's YouTube tentatively agrees to stream 'The Interview' -CNN " "(Adds background about existing theatrical distribution arrangement in paragraph 4; details about potential alternative channels in paragraphs 5-7)"
"YouTube's release of ""The Interview"" a chance to show off paid video chops " "SAN FRANCISCO  Dec 24 Google Inc's  decision to screen Sony Pictures' film ""The Interview"" may help legitimize its YouTube platform as a serious rival to paid video streaming services  Netflix  and Amazon.com Inc ."
"YouTube's release of 'The Interview' a chance to show off paid video chops " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc's decision to screen Sony Pictures' film ""The Interview"" may help legitimize its YouTube platform as a serious rival to paid video streaming services  Netflix  and Amazon.com Inc."
"Google weighed security  free speech in move to stream Sony film " "Google Inc said on Wednesday it weighed the security implications of screening the Sony Pictures film  ""The Interview "" a comedy whose depiction of the assassination of North Korea's leader was blamed for a massive cyberattack."
"Elder-care challenges prompt tech execs to create startups  apps " "SAN FRANCISCO  Dec 28 For years  Google Inc's  commerce chief  Stephanie Tilenius  held a demanding job and helped oversee the medical care of her parents  an experience that led her to leave the Internet search giant in 2012 and start a company to help patients combat chronic disease."
"Elder-care challenges prompt tech executives to create startups  apps " "SAN FRANCISCO For years  Google Inc's commerce chief  Stephanie Tilenius  held a demanding job and helped oversee the medical care of her parents  an experience that led her to leave the Internet search giant in 2012 and start a company to help patients combat chronic disease. "
"Google's Gmail blocked in China " "BEIJING Google Inc's Gmail was blocked in China after months of disruptions to the world's biggest email service  with an anti-censorship advocate suggesting the Great Firewall was to blame."
"RPT-Elder-care challenges prompt tech execs to create startups  apps " "SAN FRANCISCO  Dec 28 For years  Google Inc's  commerce chief  Stephanie Tilenius  held a demanding job and helped oversee the medical care of her parents  an experience that led her to leave the Internet search giant in 2012 and start a company to help patients combat chronic disease."
"23andMe  Genentech to analyze 3 000 Parkinson's genomes " "Privately held 23andMe Inc and Genentech said on Tuesday they will work together to generate whole genome sequencing data for about 3 000 people with Parkinson's disease  in order to identify new therapeutic targets for treating the degenerative neurological condition."
"Jobs site operator Glassdoor raises $70 million from Google  others " "Glassdoor Inc  the operator of jobs website Glassdoor.com  said it raised $70 million from Google Capital and existing investors Tiger Global  Battery Ventures and Sutter Hill Ventures."
"Jobs site operator Glassdoor raises $70 mln from Google  others " "Jan 6 Glassdoor Inc  the operator of jobs website Glassdoor.com  said it raised $70 million from Google Capital and existing investors Tiger Global  Battery Ventures and Sutter Hill Ventures."
"UPDATE 1-Jobs site operator Glassdoor raises $70 mln from Google  others " "Jan 6 Glassdoor Inc  the operator of jobs website Glassdoor.com  said it raised $70 million from Google Capital and existing investors Tiger Global  Battery Ventures and Sutter Hill Ventures."
"Google Capital invests in Indian property website Commonfloor " "NEW DELHI Indian property search website Commonfloor.com has received funding from Google Capital  an equity fund backed by Google Inc  the online portal said in a statement on Thursday."
"Google Capital invests in Indian property website Commonfloor " "NEW DELHI  Jan 8 Indian property search website Commonfloor.com has received funding from Google Capital  an equity fund backed by Google Inc  the online portal said in a statement on Thursday."
"Google to start selling auto insurance in the U.S.  analyst says " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc  may be moving into the U.S. auto insurance market with a shopping site for people to compare and buy policies  an analyst said on Thursday  as it continues to shift its attention to the automotive industry."
"Google to start selling auto insurance in the U.S.  analyst says " "SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 8 Google Inc may be moving into the U.S. auto insurance market with a shopping site for people to compare and buy policies  an analyst said on Thursday  as it continues to shift its attention to the automotive industry."
"BRIEF-Telegate signs contract prolongation with Google " "* Signs contract prolongation with Google : partnership will be extended further in 2015"
"Disney  Sony  DreamWorks seek to throw out anti-poaching lawsuit " "Jan 12 Walt Disney Co  Sony Corp  and DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc urged a federal judge to throw out a antitrust lawsuit accusing them of conspiring not to poach each other's animators in order to keep wages down."
"Disney  Sony  DreamWorks seek to throw out anti-poaching lawsuit " "Walt Disney Co  Sony Corp and DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc urged a federal judge to throw out a antitrust lawsuit accusing them of conspiring not to poach each other's animators in order to keep wages down."
"GM open to working with Google on self-driving car technology " "DETROIT  Jan 12 General Motors Co is open to working with Google Inc on developing self-driving car technology  the chief technology officer for the U.S. automaker said on Monday."
"Microsoft  Google tangle over Windows security patch " "SEATTLE  Jan 12 Microsoft Corp has complained publicly about tech rival Google Inc  revealing a security flaw in its Windows 8.1 system just days before Microsoft was scheduled to roll out a fix for the problem  potentially exposing users to hacking."
"Microsoft  Google tangle over Windows security patch " "SEATTLE Microsoft Corp has complained publicly about tech rival Google Inc revealing a security flaw in its Windows 8.1 system just days before Microsoft was scheduled to roll out a fix for the problem  potentially exposing users to hacking."
"Supreme Court seek Obama administration views on Google-Oracle dispute " "WASHINGTON The Supreme Court on Monday asked the U.S. government to weigh in on whether the justices should hear a closely watched copyright dispute between Google Inc and Oracle Corp over software used to design Google’s Android smartphone operating system."
"U.S. justices seek Obama administration views on Google-Oracle dispute " "WASHINGTON  Jan 12 The Supreme Court on Monday asked the U.S. government to weigh in on whether the justices should hear a closely watched copyright dispute between Google Inc and Oracle Corp over software used to design Google's Android smartphone operating system."
"U.S. justices seek Obama administration views on Google-Oracle dispute " "WASHINGTON The Supreme Court on Monday asked the U.S. government to weigh in on whether the justices should hear a closely watched copyright dispute between Google Inc and Oracle Corp over software used to design Google's Android smartphone operating system."
"GM open to working with Google on self-driving car technology " "DETROIT General Motors Co  is open to working with Google Inc  on developing self-driving car technology  the chief technology officer for the U.S. automaker said on Monday."
"Apple  Google reach new deal to end U.S. lawsuit over poaching " "SAN FRANCISCO Four Silicon Valley companies including Apple Inc and Google Inc have agreed to a new settlement that would resolve an antitrust class action lawsuit by tech workers  who accused the firms of conspiring to avoid poaching each other's employees."
"Apple  Google reach new deal with workers in U.S. lawsuit over hiring " "SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 13 Four tech companies including Apple Inc and Google Inc have agreed to a new settlement that would resolve an antitrust class action lawsuit over wage suppression in Silicon Valley  according to a U.S. court filing on Tuesday."
"BRIEF-Google self-driving car program chief says on track to start testing prototypes this year " "DETROIT  Jan 14 Google Inc :  * Self-driving car program chief says on track to start testing prototypes this"
"BRIEF-Google self-driving car program chief says worked with suppliers Continental  bosch  roush  LG Electronics and others to develop the Google car " "DETROIT  Jan 14 Google Inc speaking at the Automotive News conference in Detroit:  * Self-driving car program chief says worked with suppliers Continental  bosch "
"Google battles lawsuit by Max Mosley over sex party images " "Google Inc. sought on Wednesday to block a lawsuit filed against it by Max Mosley in the High Court in London over access through its search engine to images of the former motor racing chief taking part in a sex party."
"Google battles lawsuit by Max Mosley over sex party images " "Jan 14 Google Inc. sought on Wednesday to block a lawsuit filed against it by Max Mosley in the High Court in London over access through its search engine to images of the former motor racing chief taking part in a sex party."
"Google partners with auto suppliers on self-driving car " "DETROIT Internet search company Google Inc has begun discussions with most of the world's top automakers and has assembled a team of traditional and nontraditional suppliers to speed efforts to bring self-driving cars to market by 2020  a  Google executive said on Wednesday."
"UPDATE 1-Samsung Electronics launches Tizen smartphone in India " "* Samsung seeks to cut Google reliance  build own ecosystem   (Updates with background  comments on Tizen)"
"UPDATE 2-Apple  Google reach new deal to end U.S. lawsuit over poaching " "SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 13 Four Silicon Valley companies including Apple Inc and Google Inc  have agreed to a new settlement that would resolve an antitrust class action lawsuit by tech workers  who accused the firms of conspiring to avoid poaching each other's employees."
"Apple  Google settle U.S. poaching lawsuit for $415 million " "SAN FRANCISCO Four Silicon Valley companies including Apple Inc and Google Inc agreed to pay $415 million to resolve an antitrust class action lawsuit by tech workers who accused the firms of conspiring to avoid poaching each other's employees  according to a court filing on Thursday."
"Apple  Google settle U.S. poaching lawsuit for $415 mln " "SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 15 Four Silicon Valley companies including Apple Inc and Google Inc  agreed to pay $415 million to resolve an antitrust class action lawsuit by tech workers who accused the firms of conspiring to avoid poaching each other's employees  according to a court filing on Thursday."
"Apple  Google settle U.S. poaching lawsuit for $415 mln " "SAN FRANCISCO Four Silicon Valley companies including Apple Inc and Google Inc agreed to pay $415 million to resolve an antitrust class action lawsuit by tech workers who accused the firms of conspiring to avoid poaching each other's employees  according to a court filing on Thursday."
"Google in talks to buy mobile-payments company Softcard: TechCrunch " "Google Inc is in talks to buy mobile-payments company Softcard  technology news website TechCrunch reported on Friday  citing people familiar with the matter."
"Google in talks to buy mobile-payments company Softcard: TechCrunch " "Google Inc  is in talks to buy mobile-payments company Softcard  technology news website TechCrunch reported on Friday  citing people familiar with the matter."
"Google in talks to buy mobile-payments company Softcard -TechCrunch " "Jan 16 Google Inc is in talks to buy mobile-payments company Softcard  technology news website TechCrunch reported on Friday  citing people familiar with the matter."
"After Gmail blocked in China  Microsoft's Outlook hacked  says GreatFire " "BEIJING Chinese users of Microsoft Corp's Outlook email service were subject to a hacking attack at the weekend  just weeks after Google Inc's Gmail system was blocked in China  an online censorship watchdog said on Monday."
"Global patents reflect advances in connected and self-driving cars " "SEOUL/DETROIT Technology advances in telematics and driver assistance systems are gathering steam as the enablers of future connected and self-driving cars  according to an analysis of global patent applications released Monday."
"Google sticks to EU only application of 'right to be forgotten' " "BRUSSELS Google is only removing search results from European websites when individuals invoke their ""right to be forgotten""  contrary to regulators' guidelines  but will review that approach soon  the company's chief legal officer said on Monday."
"Google sticks to EU only application of 'right to be forgotten' " "BRUSSELS  Jan 19 Google is only removing search results from European websites when individuals invoke their ""right to be forgotten""  contrary to regulators' guidelines  but will review that approach soon  the company's chief legal officer said on Monday."
"REFILE-After Gmail blocked in China  Microsoft's Outlook hacked  says GreatFire " "BEIJING  Jan 19 Chinese users of Microsoft Corp's Outlook email service were subject to a hacking attack at the weekend  just weeks after Google Inc's  Gmail system was blocked in China  an online censorship watchdog said on Monday."
"Fidelity's Contrafund cuts Google stake as data center costs grow " "BOSTON  Jan 20 Fidelity's $110 Billion Contrafund has trimmed its stake in Google Inc  its largest holding  as portfolio manager Will Danoff sees a potentially choppy market for the stock over the short term."
"Fidelity's Contrafund cuts Google stake over data center costs " "BOSTON Fidelity's $110 Billion Contrafund has trimmed a roughly $7 billion stake in Google Inc because of portfolio manager Will Danoff's view that the stock faces a potentially choppy market over the short term."
"SpaceX raises $1 billion in funding from Google  Fidelity " "Space Exploration Technologies (SpaceX)  founded by Elon Musk  said it has raised about $1 billion in a financing round with two new investors  Google Inc and Fidelity."
"SpaceX raises $1 bln in funding from Google  Fidelity " "Jan 20 Elon Musk-backed Space Exploration Technologies (SpaceX) said it has raised about $1 billion in a financing round with two new investors  Google Inc and Fidelity."
"UPDATE 1-Fidelity's Contrafund cuts Google stake over data center costs " "BOSTON  Jan 20 Fidelity's $110 Billion Contrafund has trimmed a roughly $7 billion stake in Google Inc  because of portfolio manager Will Danoff's view that the stock faces a potentially choppy market over the short term."
"UPDATE 1-SpaceX raises $1 bln in funding from Google  Fidelity " "Jan 20 Space Exploration Technologies (SpaceX)  founded by Elon Musk  said it has raised about $1 billion in a financing round with two new investors  Google Inc and Fidelity."
"EU privacy watchdogs to review air passenger data stance " "PARIS  Jan 21 Europe's data privacy watchdogs will meet in coming days to discuss revising their earlier opposition to countries sharing airline passenger data as part of efforts to tighten security and thwart terror attacks  the group's head said on Wednesday."
"Google  Viacom win dismissal of children's web privacy lawsuit " "Google Inc  and Viacom Inc  won the dismissal of a nationwide privacy lawsuit accusing them of illegally tracking the Internet activity of boys and girls who visited Nickelodeon's website  in order to send targeted advertising."
"In Gaza  an IT company has Google-sized aspirations " "GAZA His company may not rival Google or German software maker SAP yet  but Gaza-based IT entrepreneur Saady Lozon has plans to change that."
"In Gaza  an IT company has Google-sized aspirations " "GAZA  Jan 21 His company may not rival Google  or German software maker SAP yet  but Gaza-based IT entrepreneur Saady Lozon has plans to change that."
"CORRECTED-UPDATE 1-Fidelity's Contrafund cuts Google stake over data center costs " " "
"Google to sell wireless service in deals with Sprint  T-Mobile: The Information " "Google Inc is preparing to sell mobile phone plans directly to customers and manage their calls and mobile data over a cellular network  The Information reported  citing people familiar with the matter."
"Market Chatter- Corporate finance press digest " "Jan 22 The following corporate finance-related stories were reported by media:"
"RPT-CORRECTED-UPDATE 1-Fidelity's Contrafund cuts Google stake over data center costs " "BOSTON  Jan 20 Fidelity's $110 Billion Contrafund has trimmed a roughly $7 billion stake in Google Inc  because of portfolio manager Will Danoff's view that the stock faces a potentially choppy market over the short term."
"RPT-Market Chatter- Corporate finance press digest " "Jan 22 The following corporate finance-related stories were reported by media:"
"Lenovo's Motorola looks to take market share from China rivals " "BEIJING Motorola  the mobile handset maker bought by China's Lenovo Group Ltd  from Google Inc  for $2.9 billion  is optimistic about its prospects in the Chinese market  its president told Reuters."
"Amazon ramps up enterprise push with email service " "SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc  accelerated its efforts to win over corporate clients on Wednesday by announcing an email and scheduling service that will compete with Microsoft Corp  and Google Inc ."
"Amazon ramps up enterprise push with email service " "SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 28 Amazon.com Inc  accelerated its efforts to win over corporate clients on Wednesday by announcing an email and scheduling service that will compete with Microsoft Corp and Google Inc ."
"UPDATE 1-Mexico says may sanction Google over data protection breach " "MEXICO CITY  Jan 27 Mexico's federal transparency body said on Tuesday it had initiated proceedings to impose sanctions on the Mexican unit of Google Inc  for possible breach of the country's data protection law."
"Google fourth-quarter revenue misses Wall Street target " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc's   revenue grew 15 percent in the fourth quarter but fell short of Wall Street's target on declining online ad prices and unfavorable foreign exchange rates."
"Google Q4 revenue rises 15 percent " "SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 29 Google Inc's  revenue grew 15 percent in the final three months of the year  falling short of Wall Street's revenue target as the price of its online ads remained under pressure."
"UPDATE 2-Google 4th-qtr revenue misses Wall Street target " "SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 29 Google Inc's   revenue grew 15 percent in the fourth quarter but fell short of Wall Street's target on declining online ad prices and unfavorable foreign exchange rates."
"Despite Glass failings  Google defends 'license' to spend " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc plans to keep making ambitious and costly bets on futuristic products  even if it means shelving some of its most beloved projects."
"Despite Glass failings  Google defends 'license' to spend " "SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 29 Google Inc   plans to keep making ambitious and costly bets on futuristic products  even if it means shelving some of its most beloved projects."
"RPT-Despite Glass failings  Google defends 'license' to spend " "SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 29 Google Inc   plans to keep making ambitious and costly bets on futuristic products  even if it means shelving some of its most beloved projects."
"UPDATE 2-Google to change privacy policy after investigation by UK data watchdog " "PARIS  Jan 30 Search engine Google has agreed to better inform users about how it handles their personal information after an investigation by Britain's data protection regulator found its privacy policy was too vague."
"Google preparing to launch ride-hailing service - Bloomberg " "Feb 2 Google is preparing to offer its own ride-hailing service  putting it in direct competition with Uber  Bloomberg News reported  citing a person close to Uber's board."
"Google preparing to launch ride-hailing service: Bloomberg " "Google is preparing to offer its own ride-hailing service  putting it in direct competition with Uber  Bloomberg News reported  citing a person close to Uber's board."
"Google preparing to launch ride-hailing service: Bloomberg " "Google is preparing to offer its own ride-hailing service  putting it in direct competition with Uber  Bloomberg News reported  citing a person close to Uber's board."
"Urge to merge grips French mutual insurers as price war breaks out " "PARIS  Feb 2 Tight health budgets  regulatory revolutions and the threat of Google have unleashed a surge of competition among France's mutual insurers  triggering a wave of mergers in the usually staid corner of the financial sector."
"BUZZ-IAC/InterActiveCorp: sees weak year ahead " "Feb 3    ** Media mogul Barry Diller's IAC/InterActiveCorp down 5.5 pct at $60.50 in extended trading"
"Google preparing to launch ride-hailing service: Bloomberg " "Google Inc is preparing to offer its own ride-hailing service  putting it in direct competition with Uber  Bloomberg News reported  citing a person close to Uber's board."
"US STOCKS-Futures gain with initial jobless claims data on tap " "NEW YORK  Feb 5 U.S. stock index futures advanced on Thursday  putting equities on track to rebound from a late selloff in the prior session  ahead of data on the labor market and the latest round of earnings reports."
"US STOCKS-Wall St climbs with oil after claims data  Pfizer deal " "* Indexes up: Dow 0.52 pct  S&P 0.47 pct  Nasdaq 0.43 pct   (Updates to market open)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St to open higher on claims data  oil advance " "* Futures up: Dow 104 pts  S&P 14.5 pts  Nasdaq 21.75 pts   (Adds quote  data)"
"Google can disrupt car industry but is no automaker  Daimler says " "FRANKFURT  Feb 6 Technology companies such as Google are unlikely to become mass car manufacturers  even if they have the potential to disrupt an industry increasingly focused on software and automated driving  the head of German carmaker Daimler said on Friday."
"Google can disrupt car industry but is no automaker  Daimler says " "FRANKFURT Technology companies such as Google are unlikely to become mass car manufacturers  even if they have the potential to disrupt an industry increasingly focused on software and automated driving  the head of German carmaker Daimler  said on Friday."
"Google panel backs firm on EU limit to 'right to be forgotten' " "A panel of experts appointed by Google to advise it on how to implement an EU ruling ordering it to remove links to some personal information from search results has backed the company's view that links be removed only from websites in Europe."
"Google panel backs firm on EU limit to 'right to be forgotten' " "BRUSSELS A panel of experts appointed by Google to advise it on how to implement an EU ruling ordering it to remove links to some personal information from search results has backed the company's view that links be removed only from websites in Europe."
"Google panel backs firm on EU limit to 'right to be forgotten' " "BRUSSELS  Feb 6 A panel of experts appointed by Google to advise it on how to implement an EU ruling ordering it to remove links to some personal information from search results has backed the company's view that links be removed only from websites in the EU."
"UPDATE 2-Google panel backs firm on EU limit to 'right to be forgotten' " "* Expert panel says Google should de-list results across EU only"
"David Beckham launches '7' fund for kids in danger around the world " "LONDON (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Soccer legend David Beckham pledged to change the lives of millions of children on Monday as he launched ""7""  a new fund with UNICEF to protect the world's most vulnerable youngsters."
"Google to add medical details to health topic searches " "Feb 10 Google Inc said it would add a feature wherein online searches on health-related topics would display relevant medical details on the search page."
"Google to add medical details to health topic searches " "Google Inc said it would add a feature wherein online searches on health-related topics would display relevant medical details on the search page."
"Bosch CEO: Tech industry interlopers force car industry to react " "BERLIN  Feb 17 The auto industry is stepping up efforts to introduce highly automated cars as software makers Google and perhaps even Apple forge plans to build a vehicle  the chief executive of Bosch said on Tuesday."
"Bosch CEO: Tech industry interlopers force car industry to react " "BERLIN The auto industry is stepping up efforts to introduce highly automated cars as software makers Google and perhaps even Apple forge plans to build a vehicle  the chief executive of Bosch [ROBG.UL] said on Tuesday."
"BRIEF-Expert System becomes technology partner of Google Cloud Platform " "* Reported on Tuesday that it has joined Google's  partner program as technology partner of the Google Cloud platform"
"Google's YouTube to launch subscription model in ""few months"" - CNBC " "Feb 18 Google Inc is set to launch a subscription model for YouTube in a few months  CNBC quoted Robert Kyncl  the online video service's head of content and business operations as saying at the Code/Media conference."
"UPDATE 1-YouTube to launch paid music service in a few months " "Feb 18 Google Inc's YouTube is set to launch its long-awaited paid monthly subscription service called YouTube Music Key in a few months  said Robert Kyncl  the online video service's head of content and business operations  at the Code/Media conference."
"Google wins dismissal of U.S. lawsuit over Android app limits " "A federal judge on Friday dismissed a lawsuit accusing Google Inc of harming smartphone buyers by forcing handset makers that use its Android operating system to make the search engine company's own applications the default option."
"Google wins dismissal of U.S. lawsuit over Android app limits " "A federal judge on Friday dismissed a lawsuit accusing Google Inc of harming smartphone buyers by forcing handset makers that use its Android operating system to make the search engine company's own applications the default option."
"Google wins dismissal of U.S. lawsuit over Android app limits " "Feb 20 A federal judge on Friday dismissed a lawsuit accusing Google Inc of harming smartphone buyers by forcing handset makers that use its Android operating system to make the search engine company's own applications the default option."
"Italian privacy watchdog says to conduct inspections at Google U.S. offices " "BRUSSELS Italy's data privacy watchdog said Google Inc had agreed to it conducting inspections at its Californian headquarters  the first time a European Union regulator will make checks on the company inside U.S. territory."
"UPDATE 1-Market Chatter-Corporate finance press digest " "Feb 20 The following corporate finance-related stories were reported by media:"
"UPDATE 1-U.S. FDA approves 23andMe's genetic screening test for rare disorder " "WASHINGTON  Feb 19 Google-backed 23andMe won U.S. approval on Thursday to market the first direct-to-consumer genetic test for a mutation that can cause children to inherit Bloom syndrome  a rare disorder that leads to short height  an increased risk of cancer and unusual facial features."
"U.S. FDA approves 23andMe's genetic screening test for rare disorder " "WASHINGTON  Feb 19 Google-backed 23andMe won U.S. approval on Thursday to market the first direct-to-consumer genetic test for a mutation that can cause children to inherit Bloom syndrome  a rare disorder that leads to short height  an increased risk of cancer and unusual facial features."
"U.S. FDA approves 23andMe's genetic screening test for rare disorder " "WASHINGTON Google-backed 23andMe won U.S. approval on Thursday to market the first direct-to-consumer genetic test for a mutation that can cause children to inherit Bloom syndrome  a rare disorder that leads to short height  an increased risk of cancer and unusual facial features."
"YouTube to release kids app next week " "Feb 19 YouTube is releasing a new app for children next week  called YouTube Kids  which will run on smartphones and tablets and focus on kid-appropriate content."
"Google partners with wireless carriers to push Wallet service " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 23 Google Inc   has partnered with several large U.S. wireless carriers to pre-install its electronic payment service on phones  as the companies seek to counter Apple Inc's recent entry into the nascent market for mobile payments."
"Google partners with wireless carriers to push Wallet service " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc has partnered with several large U.S. wireless carriers to pre-install its electronic payment service on phones  as the companies seek to counter Apple Inc's recent entry into the nascent market for mobile payments."
"Google's Schmidt to meet EU antitrust chief next week - sources " "BRUSSELS  Feb 24 Google executive chairman Eric Schmidt will meet Europe's antitrust chief next week  two sources with knowledge of the matter said on Tuesday  a move likely to help regulators decide the next step in a four year-old investigation into the Internet company."
"Google's Schmidt to meet EU antitrust chief next week - sources " "BRUSSELS Google executive chairman Eric Schmidt will meet Europe's antitrust chief next week  two sources with knowledge of the matter said on Tuesday  a move likely to help regulators decide the next step in a four year-old investigation into the Internet company."
"Google's Schmidt to meet EU antitrust chief next week: sources " "BRUSSELS Google executive chairman Eric Schmidt will meet Europe's antitrust chief next week  two sources with knowledge of the matter said on Tuesday  a move likely to help regulators decide the next step in a four year-old investigation into the Internet company."
"Kleiner firm was not level playing field for women  jury told " "SAN FRANCISCO Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers  the investment firm that has backed tech companies from Google to Amazon  fired a woman junior partner after she complained of gender discrimination  her lawyer said at trial on Tuesday."
"Kleiner firm was not level playing field for women  jury told " "SAN FRANCISCO Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers  the investment firm that has backed tech companies from Google to Amazon  fired a woman junior partner after she complained of gender discrimination  her lawyer said at trial on Tuesday. | Video "
"Silicon Valley gender discrimination case heads to trial " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 24 Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers  the investment firm that has backed tech companies from Google to Amazon  will defend itself in court on Tuesday in a closely watched gender discrimination case that could lay open the inner workings of venture capital."
"UPDATE 2-Kleiner firm was not level playing field for women  jury told " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 24 Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers  the investment firm that has backed tech companies from Google to Amazon  fired a woman junior partner after she complained of gender discrimination  her lawyer said at trial on Tuesday."
"BlackBerry working with Google to secure Android devices " "TORONTO  Feb 25 BlackBerry Ltd said on Wednesday that it is working with Google Inc to enable its software to manage and secure some of Google's Android devices  a move that builds on BlackBerry's recent partnership with Samsung Electronics Co."
"Google expands push into workplace with Android for Work effort " "SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 25 Google Inc   launched an initiative on Wednesday to make smartphones running its Android software more appealing to corporations  a move that could help extend the Internet company's reach into workplaces."
"Google investigated in Italy over tax issues: prosecutors " "MILAN Italian authorities are investigating whether Google violated any tax laws in the country  Milan's prosecutor said on Wednesday  adding that talks were under way with the U.S. company over a possible settlement."
"Google investigated in Italy over tax issues-prosecutors " " "
"Google to combine European units amid tougher rules: FT " "Google Inc  is combining its two European arms to meet the challenges of a more combative regulatory landscape on the continent  the Financial Times said."
"Beset by regulation  Google merges European divisions: source " "Google Inc has combined its two European regional divisions as it seeks to meet the challenges of tougher regulation across the continent  a source close to the company said on Thursday."
"BRIEF-Google mulling 'strategic investment' in device maker Jawbone -Re/code " "* Mulling ""strategic investment"" in device maker Jawbone - Re/code  Source text for Eikon:  Further company coverage:    (Reporting by Deena Beasley; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)"
"Google invests $300 million in U.S. residential solar projects " "Feb 26 SolarCity Corp on Thursday said it created a $750 million fund to finance about 25 000 residential solar projects  with Google Inc investing nearly half the funding."
"Google invests $300 million in U.S. residential solar projects " "SolarCity Corp on Thursday said it created a $750 million fund to finance about 25 000 residential solar projects  with Google Inc investing nearly half the funding."
"Google to show ads for apps on Google Play " "Feb 26 Google Inc said it will allow some Google Play users to see advertisements for apps in the coming weeks."
"Market Chatter- Corporate finance press digest " "Feb 26 The following corporate finance-related stories were reported by media:"
"PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - Feb 26 " "Feb 26 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy."
"UPDATE 1-Beset by regulation  Google merges European divisions - source " "Feb 26 Google Inc has combined its two European regional divisions as it seeks to meet the challenges of tougher regulation across the continent  a source close to the company said on Thursday."
"REFILE-Market Chatter-Corporate finance press digest " "Feb 27 The following corporate finance-related stories were reported by media:"
"Apple  Google poaching settlement appears headed for approval " "SAN FRANCISCO A U.S. judge on Monday seemed satisfied with a proposed $415 million settlement that would end a lawsuit in which tech workers accused Apple Inc  Google Inc and two other Silicon Valley companies of conspiring to hold down salaries."
"Apple  Google poaching settlement appears headed for approval " "SAN FRANCISCO A U.S. judge on Monday seemed satisfied with a proposed $415 million settlement that would end a lawsuit in which tech workers accused Apple Inc  Google Inc and two other Silicon Valley companies of conspiring to hold down salaries."
"Deals of the day- Mergers and acquisitions " "March 2 The following bids  mergers  acquisitions and disposals were reported by 2100 GMT on Monday:"
"Fidelity cuts Google stake by nearly a third amid shift to cheaper searches " "One of Google Inc's largest investors has cut its exposure to the company by nearly a third over the past several months amid worries about a shift to cheaper searches on mobile phones."
"Former HP chairman admits 'mistake' in venture firm sexism trial " "SAN FRANCISCO Onetime highflying tech executive Ray Lane testified on Monday during a sex discrimination trial involving his former employer  Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers  that he made a mistake in judgment involving the harassment of a female venture capitalist at the firm."
"Former HP chairman to testify in venture firm sexism trial " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 2 Onetime highflying tech executive Ray Lane is expected to testify Monday in a discrimination and retaliation trial involving his former employer  Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers  the investment firm that has backed companies from Google Inc to Amazon.com Inc."
"Large Google investor cuts stake amid shift to cheaper searches " "March 2 One of Google Inc's largest investors has cut its exposure to the company by nearly 29 percent over the past several months amid worries about a shift to cheaper searches on mobile phones."
"UPDATE 1-Apple  Google poaching settlement appears headed for approval " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 2 A U.S. judge on Monday seemed satisfied with a proposed $415 million settlement that would end a lawsuit in which tech workers accused Apple Inc   Google Inc and two other Silicon Valley companies of conspiring to hold down salaries."
"UPDATE 1-Fidelity cuts Google stake by nearly a third amid shift to cheaper searches " "March 2 One of Google Inc's largest investors has cut its exposure to the company by nearly a third over the past several months amid worries about a shift to cheaper searches on mobile phones."
"EU's antitrust chief has met Google's Schmidt " "BRUSSELS  March 3 The European Union's antitrust chief has met Google Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt as she seeks to resolve a four-year investigation into complaints that the Internet search giant abuses its dominance."
"EU's antitrust chief has met Google's Schmidt " "BRUSSELS The European Union's antitrust chief has met Google Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt as she seeks to resolve a four-year investigation into complaints that the Internet search giant abuses its dominance."
"UPDATE 2-Apple plans fix next week for newly uncovered Freak security bug " "BOSTON  March 3 Apple Inc and Google Inc said on Tuesday that they have developed fixes to mitigate the newly uncovered 'Freak' security flaw affecting mobile devices and Mac computers."
"Venture capitalist Doerr testifies in Kleiner sexism case " "SAN FRANCISCO Venture capitalist John Doerr on Tuesday sought to fend off allegations of sexism at his firm  Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers  in testimony in a gender discrimination lawsuit targeting the firm."
"Venture capitalist Doerr testifies in Kleiner sexism case " "SAN FRANCISCO Venture capitalist John Doerr on Tuesday sought to fend off allegations of sexism at his firm  Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers  in testimony in a gender discrimination lawsuit targeting the firm."
"Venture capitalist John Doerr to testify in sexism case " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 3 Venture capitalist John Doerr  credited with backing Amazon.com Inc  Google Inc  and many other technology companies  is set to testify on Tuesday in a gender discrimination trial involving his firm  Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers."
"Alibaba opens first U.S. cloud center  enters hotly contested market " "HANGZHOU  China Alibaba Group Holding Ltd is launching a cloud computing hub in Silicon Valley on Wednesday  the e-commerce giant's first outside of China  underscoring its global ambitions in the face of stiff and entrenched competition."
"Alibaba opens first U.S. cloud center  enters hotly contested market " "HANGZHOU  China  March 4 Alibaba Group Holding Ltd is launching a cloud computing hub in Silicon Valley on Wednesday  the e-commerce giant's first outside of China  underscoring its global ambitions in the face of stiff and entrenched competition."
"BRIEF-U.S. judge approves $415 mln settlement in Apple  Google no-poach case " "* U.S. judge grants preliminary approval to $415 mln class action settlement over no-poach allegations against Apple   Google  Intel and Adobe -"
"Apple plans fix next week for newly uncovered Freak security bug " "BOSTON Apple Inc and Google Inc said on Tuesday that they have developed fixes to mitigate the newly uncovered 'Freak' security flaw affecting mobile devices and Mac computers."
"REFILE-UPDATE 2-Apple plans fix next week for newly uncovered Freak security bug " "BOSTON  March 3 Apple Inc and Google Inc said on Tuesday that they have developed fixes to mitigate the newly uncovered 'Freak' security flaw affecting mobile devices and Mac computers."
"Silicon Valley debate on self-driving cars: do you need a map? " "SAN FRANCISCO The Silicon Valley race to build a self-driving car may revolve around one simple question: to map or not to map."
"Silicon Valley debate on self-driving cars: do you need a map? " "SAN FRANCISCO The Silicon Valley race to build a self-driving car may revolve around one simple question: to map or not to map."
"UPDATE 1-Silicon Valley debate on self-driving cars: do you need a map? " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 6 The Silicon Valley race to build a self-driving car may revolve around one simple question: to map or not to map."
"Former Google exec Lee confirmed to lead U.S. patent office " "NEW YORK  March 9 The U.S. Senate on Monday confirmed former Google Inc executive Michelle Lee to head the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office  a position that has been vacant for more than two years."
"Former Google exec Lee confirmed to lead U.S. patent office " "NEW YORK The U.S. Senate on Monday confirmed former Google Inc executive Michelle Lee to head the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office  a position that has been vacant for more than two years."
"Former Google exec Lee confirmed to lead U.S. patent office " "NEW YORK The U.S. Senate on Monday confirmed former Google Inc executive Michelle Lee to head the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office  a position that has been vacant for more than two years."
"Google says CFO Patrick Pichette to retire " "Google Inc said on Tuesday that Chief Financial Officer Patrick Pichette has announced his intention to retire  marking the latest change to the Internet company's upper ranks."
"UPDATE 2-Google CFO retiring  leaves spreadsheets for backpack " "March 10 Google Inc's  finance chief said on Tuesday that he plans to retire  the latest in a series of changes in the company's upper ranks but a move that some analysts said was unlikely to cause major disruptions."
"Google CFO retiring  leaves spreadsheets for backpack " "Google Inc's finance chief said on Tuesday that he plans to retire  the latest in a series of changes in the company's upper ranks but a move that some analysts said was unlikely to cause major disruptions."
"Google launches cloud service for 'cold data' " "March 11 Google Inc introduced a cloud storage service for users to store ""cold data"" and access it much faster than traditional services."
"UPDATE 1-Market Chatter-Corporate finance press digest- March 11 " "March 11 The following corporate finance-related stories were reported by media:"
"Indian firms could get boost from Google  Alibaba " "MUMBAI Two Indian firms could get a boost from tech majors in what might turn out to be the first direct investment in the country by Google Inc and Alibaba."
"UPDATE 2-Indian firms could get boost from Google  Alibaba " "MUMBAI  March 11 Two Indian firms could get a boost from tech majors in what might turn out to be the first direct investment in the country by Google Inc and Alibaba."
"Google to open first UK 'garage' to fix small firms' web problems " "LEEDS  England Google on Friday launched its first ""digital garage""  a multi-million pound project it said would help 200 000 small British businesses harness the Internet to grow."
"Google to open first UK ""garage"" to fix small firms' web problems " "LEEDS  England  March 13 Google on Friday launched its first ""digital garage""  a multi-million pound project it said would help 200 000 small British businesses harness the Internet to grow."
"Boeing eyes satellite deal with tech giant this year " "WASHINGTON Boeing Co  on Monday said it could clinch a deal this year to build a high-throughput communications satellite for top technology companies such as Google Inc   Amazon.com Inc   Facebook Inc  or Apple Inc ."
"Google app store gets more oversight " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc  is tightening supervision of its freewheeling Play store  forming a special team to screen new apps for malware and sexually explicit material  and strengthening its age-based rating system."
"Google app store gets more oversight " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 17 Google Inc   is tightening supervision of its freewheeling Play store  forming a special team to screen new apps for malware and sexually explicit material  and strengthening its age-based rating system."
"Google X boss says company should have curbed Glass hype " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc   was wrong to let expectations about its Glass wearable gadget get overheated  the head of the Google X research lab said on Tuesday."
"Google X boss says company should have curbed Glass hype " "SAN FRANCISCO  March 17 Google Inc   was wrong to let expectations about its Glass wearable gadget get overheated  the head of the Google X research lab said on Tuesday."
"Obama to promote U.S. jobs  investment to international executives " "WASHINGTON  March 17 President Barack Obama will promote U.S. business investment programs to executives from Google  BMW and other international companies on Monday at an administration-led summit to boost job creation in the United States."
"Obama to promote U.S. jobs  investment to international executives " "WASHINGTON President Barack Obama will promote U.S. business investment programs to executives from Google Inc  BMW AG and other international companies on March 23 at an administration-led summit to boost job creation in the United States."
"UPDATE 1-Obama to promote U.S. jobs  investment to international executives " "WASHINGTON  March 17 President Barack Obama will promote U.S. business investment programs to executives from Google Inc  BMW AG and other international companies on March 23 at an administration-led summit to boost job creation in the United States."
"CORRECTED-Tag Heuer unveils smartwatch venture with Intel  Google " "BASEL  Switzerland  March 19 Tag Heuer  French luxury group LVMH's biggest watch maker  announced a partnership with Google Inc and Intel Corp to create a luxury smartwatch to compete head-on with Apple Inc ."
"Tag Heuer  Intel challenge Apple with Android smartwatch " "BASEL  Switzerland Tag Heuer  French luxury group LVMH's  biggest watch maker  said it will launch a smartwatch later this year using Google Inc's  Android operating system in a venture with Intel Corp  to compete head-on with the Apple Watch."
"Federal Circuit revives part of Oracle patent used to sue Google " "While a highly contentious copyright dispute between Oracle Corp and Google Inc gets most of the attention  the battle over patents between the tech heavyweights continues as a U.S. appeals court on Friday resurrected part of an Oracle patent that had been successfully invalidated by Google."
"PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - March 20 " "March 20 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy."
"Online video site Vessel bets fans will pay for early access " "March 24 Online video platform Vessel launched its paid subscription service on Tuesday  offering programming at least three days before other websites in a bid to reshape an industry dominated by free content on Google Inc's  YouTube."
"Online video site Vessel bets fans will pay for early access " "Online video platform Vessel launched its paid subscription service on Tuesday  offering programming at least three days before other websites in a bid to reshape an industry dominated by free content on Google Inc's YouTube."
"Swiss competition body approves Swisscom online directory merger " "ZURICH  March 24 Switzerland's competition commission WEKO said on Tuesday it had approved the purchase of online directory search.ch by Swisscom  as the telecoms group tries to compete with the likes of Google  in digital advertising."
"Swiss competition body approves Swisscom online directory merger " "ZURICH Switzerland's competition commission WEKO said on Tuesday it had approved the purchase of online directory search.ch by Swisscom  as the telecoms group tries to compete with the likes of Google in digital advertising."
"UPDATE 6-Google poaches Morgan Stanley's CFO " "* Porat is latest Wall Street executive to head to tech sector   (Adds context  paragraphs 1-3; datelines)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St drifts lower; Google buoys Nasdaq " "* Indexes off: Dow 0.31 pct  S&P 0.3 pct  Nasdaq 0.05 pct   (Updates to late afternoon)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St little changed; Google boosts Nasdaq " "* Dow  S&P 500 flat; Nasdaq up 0.26 pct   (Updates prices  adds data  comment)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St near unchanged mark; Nasdaq up on Google lift " "* Indexes: Dow off 0.23 pct  S&P off 0.21 pct  Nasdaq up 0.05 pct   (Updates to midday  changes byline)"
"US STOCKS-Wall Street down for 2nd straight day; energy weak " "* Indexes off: Dow 0.58 pct  S&P 0.61 pct  Nasdaq 0.32 pct   (Updates to market close)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St to open flat with focus on dollar moves " "* Futures little changed   (Updates prices  adds data  comment)"
"FTC says regrets release of documents on Google probe " "WASHINGTON Three U.S. Federal Trade Commission members said on Wednesday they regretted the inadvertent release of part of an agency report about its probe of Google Inc  as the company continues to face antitrust scrutiny from European authorities."
"Google poaches Morgan Stanley's CFO " "SAN FRANCISCO/NEW YORK Google Inc hired Morgan Stanley Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat as its own finance chief  a sign Google is aiming to rein in costs as it invests in new businesses such as self-driving cars and internet-connected eyeglasses. | Video "
"U.S. FTC says regrets release of documents on Google probe " "WASHINGTON  March 25 Three U.S. Federal Trade Commission members said on Wednesday they regretted the inadvertent release of part of an agency report about its probe of Google Inc as the company continues to face antitrust scrutiny from European authorities."
"Google to pay new CFO annual base salary of $650 000 " "March 26 Google Inc said it would pay its new chief financial officer an annual base salary of $650 000 and a special one-time $5 million sign-on bonus."
"UPDATE 2-Google to pay CFO Porat more than $70 mln in 2 years " "March 26 Google Inc said it would pay its new Chief Financial Officer  Ruth Porat  more than $70 million in the next two years through a combination of restricted stock units and a biennial grant."
"CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-Google to pay CFO Porat more than $70 mln " "March 26 Google Inc said it would pay its new Chief Financial Officer  Ruth Porat  more than $70 million through a combination of restricted stock units and a biennial grant."
"Google to pay CFO Porat more than $70 million " " (This March 26th story has been corrected to remove 'in the next two years' from headline and first paragraph)"
"Investors hope RWE's Gulf dream offers cash or new markets " "FRANKFURT/DUESSELDORF  March 27 Working with a deep-pocketed Gulf backer could be just what RWE boss Peter Terium needs to restore shareholder confidence and escape budget constraints that have plagued Germany's top power producer."
"REFILE-Testing of software adds to urgency in race for driverless cars " "FRANKFURT  March 26 In the race to build a self-driving car  German automakers are hitting a road block in their efforts to test vehicles so complex they need more than 10 times the amount of software found in a fighter jet."
"Australia looks at GST  company tax in planned tax overhaul " "SYDNEY  March 30 Australian Treasurer Joe Hockey hinted on Monday at changes that could force digital companies like Apple Inc  Google Inc  Alibaba Group Holding and Uber to pay more tax on transactions that take place in Australia."
"CORRECTED-Google fails to dismiss privacy lawsuit over Google Wallet " "April 2 A federal judge has rejected Google Inc's request to dismiss a lawsuit accusing the technology company of invading the privacy of users of its Google Wallet electronic payment service by sharing their personal information with outside app developers."
"Google fails to dismiss privacy lawsuit over Google Wallet " "A federal judge has rejected Google Inc's request to dismiss a lawsuit accusing the technology company of invading the privacy of users of its Google Wallet electronic payment service by sharing their personal information with outside app developers."
"Google fails to dismiss privacy lawsuit over Google Wallet " "A federal judge has rejected Google Inc's  request to dismiss a lawsuit accusing the technology company of invading the privacy of users of its Google Wallet electronic payment service by sharing their personal information with outside app developers."
"UPDATE 1-China Internet authority denounces Google certificate rejection " "BEIJING  April 2 A Chinese Internet regulator on Thursday slammed as ""unacceptable"" a decision by Google Inc  to no longer recognise its certificates of trust  a move which could deter Chrome browser users accessing sites approved by the authority."
"Mozilla to also reject Chinese Internet body's certificates " "BEIJING  April 3 Mozilla Corp  creator of the popular Firefox web browser  said on Thursday it would follow Google Inc and no longer recognise new certificates of trust issued by a Chinese Internet agency."
"Mozilla to also reject Chinese Internet body's certificates " "BEIJING Mozilla Corp  creator of the popular Firefox web browser  said on Thursday it would follow Google Inc and no longer recognize new certificates of trust issued by a Chinese Internet agency."
"Consumers withdraw U.S. lawsuit against Google over Android app limits " "April 3 Plaintiffs in an antitrust lawsuit against Google Inc on Friday withdrew their case accusing the search engine company of harming smartphone buyers by forcing handset makers using Android operating system to make Google's own applications the default option."
"Android co-founder Andy Rubin's new company raises $48 million " "The company started by Andy Rubin  the architect of Google Inc's Android mobile business  to support and advice device-making tech startups has raised $48 million in equity financing  according to a regulatory filing."
"Android co-founder Andy Rubin's new company raises $48 mln " "April 6 The company started by Andy Rubin  the architect of Google Inc's Android mobile business  to support and advice device-making tech startups has raised $48 million in equity financing  according to a regulatory filing."
"Consumers withdraw U.S. lawsuit against Google over Android app limits " "April 3 Plaintiffs in an antitrust lawsuit against Google Inc on Friday withdrew their case accusing the search engine company of harming smartphone buyers by forcing handset makers using Android operating system to make Google's own applications the default option."
"Google says working to restore YouTube service in Turkey " "FRANKFURT  April 6 Google has seen reports that YouTube is blocked in Turkey and is working to restore its video-sharing service  a company spokesman said on Monday."
"Google says working to restore YouTube service in Turkey " "FRANKFURT Google  has seen reports that YouTube is blocked in Turkey and is working to restore its video-sharing service  a company spokesman said on Monday."
"Court questions Google on patent values in Microsoft case " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 8 A U.S. appeals court appeared skeptical on Wednesday toward Google Inc's  bid to charge Microsoft Corp a high royalty rate to use some of the Internet search provider's Motorola Mobility patents."
"Court questions Google on patent values in Microsoft case " "SAN FRANCISCO A U.S. appeals court appeared skeptical on Wednesday toward Google Inc's bid to charge Microsoft Corp a high royalty rate to use some of the Internet search provider's Motorola Mobility patents."
"Court questions Google on patent values in Microsoft case " "SAN FRANCISCO A U.S. appeals court appeared skeptical on Wednesday toward Google Inc's bid to charge Microsoft Corp a high royalty rate to use some of the Internet search provider's Motorola Mobility patents."
"BRIEF-Kudelski Group and Google enter into patent cross license agreement " "* Kudelski Group and Google enter into patent cross license agreement  Source text for Eikon:"
"EU antitrust charge sheet against Google could take several months - sources " "BRUSSELS  April 14 EU competition regulators will not have a formal antitrust charge sheet against Google  ready for Wednesday and it could still take several months to draw up  two sources familiar with the matter said."
"EU antitrust charge sheet against Google could take several months: sources " "BRUSSELS EU competition regulators will not have a formal antitrust charge sheet against Google ready for Wednesday and it could still take several months to draw up  two sources familiar with the matter said."
"EU to announce antitrust moves against Google on Wednesday: papers " "BRUSSELS The European Union will accuse Google on Wednesday of abusing its dominant position in Internet searches  opening the U.S. tech company up to a risk of massive fines and enforced changes in its business model  the Financial Times and Wall Street Journal said on Tuesday."
"Google could hear more on EU case on Wednesday -EU officials " "BRUSSELS  April 14 Google may learn more on Wednesday about how Europe's antitrust chief will treat complaints about its market dominance  according to EU officials who said Margrethe Vestager was likely to make an announcement."
"Google licenses patents from company behind Netflix  Apple suits " "Although its streaming media rivals Netflix and Apple have faced the Kudelski Group in court over accusations of patent infringement  Google has decided to license the Swiss company's portfolio  Kudelski announced on Tuesday."
"EU accuses Google of hurting consumers  competitors in Web search case " "BRUSSELS The European Union accused Google Inc on Wednesday of cheating consumers and competitors by distorting Web search results to favor its own shopping service  after a five-year investigation that could change the rules for business online. | Video "
"EU case against Google centers on value of price comparison sites " "FRANKFURT EU accusations that Google  is abusing its dominant position in web searching to favor its own sites over rivals'  center on a controversy nearly as old as the Web itself: do shopping comparison sites help consumers to make better choices  or do they simply link to other sites they don't control?"
"EU case against Google centers on value of price comparison sites " "FRANKFURT EU accusations that Google is abusing its dominant position in web searching to favor its own sites over rivals'  center on a controversy nearly as old as the Web itself: do shopping comparison sites help consumers to make better choices  or do they simply link to other sites they don't control?"
"Google rivals urge U.S. Justice Department to probe Android -sources " "WASHINGTON/SAN FRANCISCO  April 15 Google Inc  competitors are pushing U.S. antitrust enforcers to investigate allegations the Internet services company unfairly uses its Android system to win online advertising  two people with knowledge of the matter said."
"Google rivals urge U.S. Justice Department to probe Android -sources " "WASHINGTON/SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc  competitors are pushing U.S. antitrust enforcers to investigate allegations the Internet services company unfairly uses its Android system to win online advertising  two people with knowledge of the matter said."
"Google rivals urge U.S. Justice Department to probe Android: sources " "WASHINGTON/SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc competitors are pushing U.S. antitrust enforcers to investigate allegations the Internet services company unfairly uses its Android system to win online advertising  two people with knowledge of the matter said."
"Past EU antitrust probes show Google stock may languish " "NEW YORK The European Union launched an antitrust probe on Wednesday into Google Inc's Android system  and if recent history is any indicator  the shares of the Internet services company might have trouble until the issue is resolved."
"Past EU probe market reactions suggest Google shares may struggle " "NEW YORK  April 15 The European Union on Wednesday launched an antitrust probe into Google Inc's  Android system  and if recent history is any indicator  shares of the Internet giant may have trouble moving forward until the issue is resolved."
"UPDATE 1-Past EU antitrust probes show Google stock may languish " "NEW YORK  April 15 The European Union launched an antitrust probe on Wednesday into Google Inc's  Android system  and if recent history is any indicator  the shares of the Internet services company might have trouble until the issue is resolved."
"UPDATE 7-EU accuses Google of hurting consumers  competitors in Web search case " "* EU sends Google antitrust charge sheet over shopping searches"
"After charging Google  EU antitrust chief declares independence " "BRUSSELS Google boss Eric Schmidt might have missed it in the uproar over the EU's antitrust charges against the U.S. tech giant  but European Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager wants to congratulate him."
"Microsoft quietly content as EU moves on Google " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 15 Microsoft Corp  emanated an air of quiet satisfaction on Wednesday as European antitrust regulators readied charges against rival Google Inc  for abusing its monopoly power in the online search business."
"Microsoft quietly content as EU moves on Google " "SAN FRANCISCO Microsoft Corp emanated an air of quiet satisfaction on Wednesday as European antitrust regulators readied charges against rival Google Inc for abusing its monopoly power in the online search business."
"Yahoo and Facebook shares outperform Google in Frankfurt " "LONDON The Frankfurt-listed shares of Internet companies Yahoo  and Facebook  outperformed those of rival Google   after media reports that Google would face anti-trust action from the European Union."
"EU to investigate transparency of Internet search results: document " "BRUSSELS Internet platforms such as Google  Microsoft and Yahoo! will be the subject of a widespread inquiry by European regulators to determine whether they are transparent enough in how they display search results."
"Google's EU showdown offers openings to competitors " "FRANKFURT Start small  win quick  then move on to bigger issues."
"Google's EU showdown offers openings to competitors " "* Narrow focus of Google case increases chances EU will succeed"
"Vivendi's Bollore urges shareholders to back double vote rights " "PARIS  April 17 Vivendi Chairman Vincent Bollore urged shareholders to back double voting rights at the French media group  arguing this would help it compete with powerful  rich rivals from Google to Facebook as it seeks to rebuild itself into a media powerhouse."
"Brief-Freshdesk gets $50 mln in new financing from Tiger Global  Google Capital  Accel Partners " "April 20 Freshdesk says gets $50 mln in new financing from Tiger Global  Google Capital And Accel Partners Freshdesk - co to use funds to further invest in products and scale to meet demand   (Reporting By Aditya Kondalamahanty in Bengaluru)"
"UPDATE 2-EU to charge Russia's Gazprom with market abuse - sources " "* Vestager acts despite political ramifications-analyst   (Adds Gazprom source  expert comments)"
"EU Google probe encourages investors in Russia competitor Yandex " "NEW YORK  April 21 The European Union's antitrust probe into Google sparked a big rally in Russian search engine Yandex NV  last week  even though the ""Russian Google"" still faces significant challenges  competitive and otherwise."
"Google lobbying spending reached new high in early 2015 " "WASHINGTON  April 21 Google Inc  already one of Washington's biggest spenders  set a company record for its lobbying activity in the first quarter of 2015 when it spent $5.5 million  according to a government database."
"Google lobbying spending reached new high in early 2015 " "WASHINGTON Google Inc   already one of Washington's biggest spenders  set a company record for its lobbying activity in the first quarter of 2015 when it spent $5.5 million  according to a government database."
"Google rolls out new U.S. cell phone service " "NEW YORK  April 22 Google Inc on Wednesday launched a new U.S. wireless service that will enable customers to pay only for the data they use and use Wi-Fi networks to curb data use and keep phone bills low."
"UPDATE 2-Google rolls out new U.S. wireless service " "NEW YORK  April 22 Google Inc on Wednesday launched a new U.S. wireless service that switches between Wi-Fi and cellular networks to curb data use and keep phone bills low."
"URGENT-Google rolls out new U.S. cell phone service " "NEW YORK  April 22 Google Inc on Wednesday launched a new U.S. wireless service that will enable customers to pay only for the data they use and use Wi-Fi networks to curb data use and keep phone bills low."
"As YouTube marks 10th year  Facebook emerges as video threat " "April 23 It's 10 years to the day since the first clip (""Me at the Zoo"") was uploaded on YouTube  and the service - now owned by Google Inc - has dominated online video-sharing ever since."
"Factbox: Nasdaq's 'Cubes' ETF reaps Nasdaq's big run " "The Nasdaq's alter ego  the PowerShares QQQ fund  has been the go-to exchange-traded fund for individual investors  pension funds  foreign insurers  sovereign wealth funds  and just about anyone else who has ever had the desire to tap technology sector growth for a quick trade or a long hold."
"German engineers need software to head off technology firms " "FRANKFURT If customers of Germany's Harting Group  a maker of industrial plugs and sockets  want bespoke products  they can buy them -- if they're prepared to assemble them from a kit themselves."
"Google first-quarter revenue rises 12 pct " "April 23 Google Inc's first-quarter revenue jumped 12 percent  helped by an 11 percent increase in ad sales."
"Google shares rise after online ad sales drive revenue higher " "Google Inc reported higher quarterly revenue and  profit as rising online ad volume offset a hit from the strong dollar  sending the Internet company's shares higher in after-hours trading."
"RPT-German engineers need software to head off technology firms " "FRANKFURT  April 23 If customers of Germany's Harting Group  a maker of industrial plugs and sockets  want bespoke products  they can buy them -- if they're prepared to assemble them from a kit themselves."
"US STOCKS-Nasdaq sets closing record " "(Adds details on volume  quote  Google  Amazon  Microsoft up after the bell)     * Nasdaq tops March 10  2000  high of 5 048.62     * S&P 500 hits intraday record high     * Indexes: Dow up 0.11 pct  S&P up 0.24 pct  Nasdaq up 0.41 pct      By Caroline Valetkevitch     April 23 The Nasdaq Composite  the U.S. market index most closely associated with technology stocks  closed at an all-time high on Thursday  surpassing a 2000 record set just before the dotcom crash.     Its new rec"
"Suit claims Google won't hire job applicants over 40 " "A new proposed class action lawsuit says Google Inc discriminates against older workers by refusing to hire job applicants over 40  echoing broader claims of age discrimination in the tech industry."
"Tech triumvirate propels Nasdaq  S&P to record highs " "The Nasdaq Composite and S&P 500 chalked up record high closes on Friday  propelled by strong results from tech behemoths Google  Amazon and Microsoft. | Video "
"US STOCKS-Futures up on tech earnings  Nasdaq to extend record " "April 24 U.S. stock index futures rose on Friday as strong results from tech behemoths Google  Amazon and Microsoft set the Nasdaq Composite on track to set a record closing high for the second straight day."
"US STOCKS-Nasdaq hits 15-year high  propelled by Amazon  Microsoft " "* Amazon shares touch life high after revenue beats estimates"
"US STOCKS-Nasdaq hits 15-year high  propelled by tech triumvirate " "* Amazon shares touch life high after revenue beats estimates"
"US STOCKS-Tech triumvirate propels Nasdaq  S&P to record highs " "* Indexes ends up: Dow 0.12 pct  S&P 0.23 pct  Nasdaq 0.71 pct   (Updates to close)"
"US STOCKS-Wall St opens up  Nasdaq set to extend record " "* Amazon shares touch life high after revenue beats estimates"
"US STOCKS-Wall St to open up on tech earnings  Nasdaq to extend record " "* Comcast shares up after it calls off Time Warner Cable merger"
"WRAPUP 2-Weak U.S. business spending data hints at sluggish growth rebound " "WASHINGTON  April 24 U.S. business investment spending plans fell for a seventh straight month in March  weighed down by a strong dollar and lower energy prices  suggesting the economy was struggling to rebound from a recent soft patch."
"Google executive killed in Mount Everest avalanche after quake " "April 25 Dan Fredinburg  a Google Inc  executive based in California  was among those killed on Saturday in an avalanche on Mount Everest caused by a devastating earthquake in Nepal  the company said."
"Google executive killed in Mount Everest avalanche after quake " "Dan Fredinburg  a Google Inc executive based in California  was among those killed on Saturday in an avalanche on Mount Everest caused by a devastating earthquake in Nepal  the company said."
"EU antitrust case against Google based on 19 complainants: sources " "BRUSSELS/BERLIN The European Union's decision to take on Google last week stems from official complaints by 19 companies in Europe and the United States  including Microsoft and a number of small firms  people familiar with the matter said on Friday."
"Google launches portal to buy patents " "April 27 Google Inc said it would launch an experimental portal that allows interested patent holders to sell their patents to the company."
"Google launches portal to buy patents " "Google Inc  said it would launch an experimental portal that allows interested patent holders to sell their patents to the company."
"BRIEF-Solocal and Google to develop joint B2B offer " "* Strategic partnership with Google includes development of joint B2B offer and organization of series of events in France to present this solution to enterprises"
"Fiat Chrysler pushes to boost margins as CEO pitches for a deal " "MILAN/DETROIT Fiat Chrysler Automobiles   Chief Executive Sergio Marchionne on Wednesday made a plea for shrinking the number of players in the global auto industry as the company reported lower-than-expected first quarter results and outlined new plans to boost North American profit margins."
"Google launches security feature for Chrome web browser " "NEW YORK  April 29 Google Inc on Wednesday announced a free extension for its Chrome web browser that better protects Google accounts  including email  against online attackers trying to steal passwords and other personal information."
"Google launches security feature for Chrome web browser " "NEW YORK Google Inc on Wednesday announced a free extension for its Chrome web browser that better protects Google accounts  including email  against online attackers trying to steal passwords and other personal information."
"Microsoft opens door to Android  Apple phone apps " "SAN FRANCISCO Microsoft Corp  is making it easier for apps written for rival Google Inc's  Android and Apple Inc's  iOS systems to work on Windows phones  in a bid to attract users to its unpopular mobile devices  the company's operating systems chief said on Wednesday."
"UPDATE 3-Fiat Chrysler pushes to boost margins as CEO pitches for a deal " "* Fiat Chrysler will hike prices to boost North American margins"
"UPDATE 5-Microsoft opens door to Android  Apple phone apps " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 29 Microsoft Corp  is making it easier for apps written for rival Google Inc's  Android and Apple Inc's iOS systems to work on Windows phones  in a bid to attract users to its unpopular mobile devices  the company's operating systems chief said on Wednesday."
"Microsoft opens door to Android  Apple phone apps " "SAN FRANCISCO Microsoft Corp  is making it easier for apps written for rival Google Inc's  Android and Apple Inc's  iOS systems to work on Windows phones  in a bid to attract users to its unpopular mobile devices  the company's operating systems chief said on Wednesday."
"Groupon's full-year revenue forecast below views  hit by dollar " "Groupon Inc  forecast full-year revenue well below analyst expectations on Tuesday  hurt by a stronger dollar and weaker-than-expected billings  a key metric reflecting the gross amount collected from customers."
"US jury orders Motorola Mobility to pay $10 mln in Fujifilm patent suit " "May 5 Motorola Mobility said a U.S. jury ordered the company to pay $10.2 million in damages for using Fujifilm Corp's patented technology in its phones without permission."
"US jury orders Motorola Mobility to pay $10 mln in Fujifilm patent suit " "Motorola Mobility said a U.S. jury ordered the company to pay $10.2 million in damages for using Fujifilm Corp's patented technology in its phones without permission."
"What to Watch in the Day Ahead - Wednesday  May 6 " "A survey of private payrolls for April will give an early snapshot into the larger employment situation ahead of the U.S. Labor Department's more comprehensive non-farm payrolls report on Friday. Private payrolls processor ADP is expected to report that private firms added 200 000 jobs last month  a rise from the 189 000 jobs added in March. (0815/1215) Separately  the U.S. Labor Department will release data on productivity at U.S. non-farm businesses in the first quarter of the year. Analysts p"
"EU to review behaviour of web giants in digital market overhaul " "BRUSSELS  May 6 The European Commission will conduct a comprehensive review this year of the role of web giants such as Google  Facebook and Amazon  to decide whether it should regulate them more tightly  it said on Wednesday."
"Google's new self-driving cars to hit roads  with steering wheels " "DETROIT  May 15 Google Inc's  self-driving cars will begin testing on public roads this summer  but it turns out they will have steering wheels and brakes  which is not what the company envisioned a year ago."
"Google's self-driving cars to hit roads  with steering wheels " "DETROIT Google Inc will begin testing self-driving cars of its own design on public roads this summer  but they will have steering wheels and brakes  which is not what the company described a year ago. | Video "
"Google versus Oracle case exposes differences within Obama administration " "SAN FRANCISCO/WASHINGTON The Obama administration has been locked in internal wrangling over what position to take in high profile litigation between two American technology giants  Google and Oracle  according to multiple sources familiar with the discussions. It faces an end-of-May deadline to decide whether to take sides in a case before the U.S. Supreme Court that will have wide implications for the technology industry."
"INSIGHT-Google versus Oracle case exposes differences within Obama administration " "SAN FRANCISCO/WASHINGTON  May 15 The Obama administration has been locked in internal wrangling over what position to take in high profile litigation between two American technology giants  Google and Oracle  according to multiple sources familiar with the discussions. It faces an end-of-May deadline to decide whether to take sides in a case before the U.S. Supreme Court that will have wide implications for the technology industry."
"RPT-INSIGHT-Google versus Oracle case exposes differences within Obama administration " "SAN FRANCISCO/WASHINGTON  May 15 The Obama administration has been locked in internal wrangling over what position to take in high profile litigation between two American technology giants  Google and Oracle  according to multiple sources familiar with the discussions. It faces an end-of-May deadline to decide whether to take sides in a case before the U.S. Supreme Court that will have wide implications for the technology industry."
"UPDATE 2-Google's self-driving cars to hit roads  with steering wheels " "DETROIT  May 15 Google Inc will begin testing self-driving cars of its own design on public roads this summer  but they will have steering wheels and brakes  which is not what the company described a year ago."
"MEDIA-Google to launch buy buttons on search-results pages in coming weeks - WSJ " "-- Note: Reuters has not verified this story and does not vouch for its accuracy   (Editing by Frances Kerry)"
"UPDATE 2-Nissan CEO says no need to change Renault alliance after French govt hikes stake " "* No need to change capital alliance with Renault - Nissan's Ghosn"
"U.S. appeals court rules for Google in anti-Islamic film case " "SAN FRANCISCO  May 18 A U.S. appeals court on Monday ruled in favor of Google Inc over a woman's attempt to remove an anti-Islamic film from YouTube  saying that an injunction that had prohibited the company from broadcasting it should be dissolved."
"YouTube may show 'Innocence of Muslims' film: U.S. court " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc should not have to remove an anti-Islamic film from its YouTube website because a woman complained that she was duped into performing in the film that depicted the Prophet Mohammed as a pedophile  a U.S. appeals court ruled on Monday."
"Deals of the day- Mergers and acquisitions " "May 19 The following bids  mergers  acquisitions and disposals were reported by 1330 GMT on Tuesday:"
"Huawei stakes claim in 'Internet of Things' market with new operating system " "BEIJING  May 20 China's Huawei Technologies Co Ltd  the world's biggest telecommunications equipment maker  on Wednesday became the latest tech giant to present its own take on the 'Internet of Things' (IoT)  centred on an operating system designed to allow household and business appliances to communicate with each other online."
"Russia warns Google  Twitter and Facebook on law violations " "MOSCOW/FRANKFURT  May 21 Russia's media watchdog has written to Google  Twitter and Facebook warning them against violating Russian Internet laws and a spokesman said on Thursday they risk being blocked if they do not comply with the rules."
"Russia warns Google  Twitter and Facebook on law violations " "MOSCOW/FRANKFURT Russia's media watchdog has written to Google  Twitter and Facebook warning them against violating Russian Internet laws and a spokesman said on Thursday they risk being blocked if they do not comply with the rules."
"Fiat Chrysler CEO approached GM about a merger  was rebuffed -NYT " "May 23 As part of his quest for a mega merger  Fiat Chrysler Automobiles  Chief Executive Sergio Marchionne sent an email to General Motors Co Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra in March suggesting combining the automakers but was rebuffed  the New York Times reported on Saturday."
"Obama administration asks U.S. top court not to hear Google copyright fight " "WASHINGTON  May 26 The Obama administration on Tuesday sided against Google Inc and said the U.S. Supreme Court should not hear the company's appeal in a case against Oracle Corp with wide implications for the technology industry  according to a court filing."
"Obama administration asks U.S. top court to decline Google copyright appeal " "WASHINGTON/SAN FRANCISCO The Obama administration on Tuesday sided against Google Inc and said the U.S. Supreme Court should not hear the company's appeal in a case against Oracle Corp with wide implications for the technology industry  according to a court filing."
"Obama administration asks U.S. top court to decline Google copyright appeal " "WASHINGTON/SAN FRANCISCO The Obama administration on Tuesday sided against Google Inc and said the U.S. Supreme Court should not hear the company's appeal in a case against Oracle Corp with wide implications for the technology industry  according to a court filing."
"UPDATE 2-Obama administration asks U.S. top court to decline Google copyright appeal " "WASHINGTON/SAN FRANCISCO  May 26 The Obama administration on Tuesday sided against Google Inc and said the U.S. Supreme Court should not hear the company's appeal in a case against Oracle Corp with wide implications for the technology industry  according to a court filing."
"U.S. health group PureTech seeks $160 mln in London listing " "LONDON  May 26 Boston-based PureTech Health plans to raise $160 million in a London listing  filling its coffers to fund product development and delivering a vote of confidence in the British life sciences sector."
"GoPro to sell camera system equipped with Google technology " "SAN FRANCISCO  May 28 GoPro Inc will sell a virtual reality camera system equipped with Google Inc  technology  Google vice president of product management Clay Bavor said on Thursday."
"UPDATE 1-Google shows off virtual reality collaboration with GoPro " "SAN FRANCISCO  May 28 Action camera maker GoPro Inc and Google Inc introduced a virtual reality system using 16 cameras and Google software  sending GoPro shares up nearly 7 percent on Thursday."
"US STOCKS-Wall St inches down on Greece  China worries " "* Indexes down: Dow 0.2 pct  S&P 0.1 pct  Nasdaq 0.2 pct   (Updates to close)"
"Airbus Group starts $150 mln venture fund  Silicon Valley base " "PARIS  May 29 Airbus Group announced the creation of a $150 million venture capital fund and said it had hired a Google executive to run a new centre in Silicon Valley as it seeks to wave a digital wand over its heavy-manufacturing culture."
"BRIEF-Fingerprint Cards says supports Google's Android M preview " "* Says supports fingerprint sensor capabilities with google's android m developer preview"
"BRIEF-Fingerprint Cards sees Google market boost mainly from 2016 " "May 29 Fingerprint Cards CEO in Reuters telephone interview:"
"Fingerprint Cards shares at record after Google tie-up " "STOCKHOLM Swedish fingerprint sensor firm Fingerprint Cards said it had cooperated with Google on fingerprint recognition in the new Android software platform  as the U.S. software group looks to boost the use of fingerprint sensors on mobile phones."
"How advisers can get Google to like their websites " "When financial adviser Rick Kahler wanted to revamp his marketing strategy three years ago  he decided to learn about the hype surrounding “search optimization.”"
"YOUR PRACTICE-How advisers can get Google to like their websites " "May 29 When financial adviser Rick Kahler wanted to revamp his marketing strategy three years ago  he decided to learn about the hype surrounding ""search optimization."""
"BRIEF-Opera Software and Google signs new agreement " "* Opera Software ASA and Google Inc. have entered into a new agreement to integrate Google as the default search partner for the Opera mobile and desktop browsers (Opera Desktop  Opera Mobile and Opera Mini)"
"German vice chancellor worried about market power of Internet giants " "BERLIN  June 1 German Vice Chancellor Sigmar Gabriel said on Monday he was worried the market power of firms like Google was hurting competition on the Internet."
"Google says 21 pct of tech hires in 2014 were women " "June 1 Google Inc said 21 percent of tech hires last year were women  boosting overall number of women in technical roles by 1 percent  as part of efforts to increase diversity."
"Google says 21 percent of tech hires in 2014 were women " "Google Inc said 21 percent of tech hires last year were women  boosting overall number of women in technical roles by 1 percent  as part of efforts to increase diversity."
"Nokia launches localised datacenter service for telecoms firms " "HELSINKI Finnish telecoms equipment maker Nokia launched a new localised datacenter service for mobile network operators on Monday  enabling the operators to better compete with the likes of Amazon and Google in providing internet services."
"Nokia launches localised datacenter service for telecoms firms " "HELSINKI  June 1 Finnish telecoms equipment maker Nokia launched a new localised datacenter service for mobile network operators on Monday  enabling the operators to better compete with the likes of Amazon  and Google in providing internet services."
"Google demands movie studios comply with subpoenas " "Google Inc has asked a federal judge to require three major movie studios to comply with subpoenas it believes may help show they conspired with Mississippi Attorney General Jim Hood as he investigated the Internet search company."
"Google demands movie studios comply with subpoenas " "NEW YORK  June 2 Google Inc has asked a federal judge to require three major movie studios to comply with subpoenas it believes may help show they conspired with Mississippi Attorney General Jim Hood as he investigated the Internet search company."
"Indian automaker Mahindra to fit Google's Android technology in SUVs " "NEW DELHI  June 2 Mahindra & Mahindra Ltd   India's top-selling utility vehicle maker  plans to offer Google Inc's Android Auto technology in its vehicles  a top company executive said in a statement on Tuesday."
"Internet of Things market to triple to $1.7 trillion by 2020: IDC " "The global market for ""Internet of Things""  the concept of connecting household devices to the Internet  will nearly triple to $1.7 trillion by 2020  research firm International Data Corp said."
"Internet of Things market to triple to $1.7 trln by 2020 - IDC " "June 2 The global market for ""Internet of Things""  the concept of connecting household devices to the Internet  will nearly triple to $1.7 trillion by 2020  research firm International Data Corp said."
"Lenovo replaces head of smartphone division as sales slump in China " "BEIJING  June 2 Lenovo Group Ltd has replaced the head of its smartphone unit  a critical business division that has seen its China sales tumble as Apple Inc  and other high-end phone makers win over customers with sleeker product offerings."
"M&M to fit Android technology in SUVs " "NEW DELHI Mahindra & Mahindra Ltd   India's top-selling utility vehicle maker  plans to offer Google Inc's  Android Auto technology in its vehicles  a top company executive said in a statement on Tuesday."
"Privacy app maker files EU antitrust complaint against Google " "BRUSSELS  June 2 U.S. tech firm Disconnect has filed a complaint to EU antitrust regulators against Google's  ban on its privacy app  accusing the Silicon Valley giant of abusing its dominant market position."
"Privacy app maker files EU antitrust complaint against Google " "BRUSSELS U.S. tech firm Disconnect has filed a complaint to EU antitrust regulators against Google's ban on its privacy app  accusing the Silicon Valley giant of abusing its dominant market position."
"Privacy app maker files EU antitrust complaint against Google " "U.S. tech firm Disconnect has filed a complaint to EU antitrust regulators against Google's ban on its privacy app  accusing the Silicon Valley giant of abusing its dominant market position."
"ISS recommends Google shareholders withhold vote for 3 directors " "June 3 Proxy adviser Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS) has recommended that Google Inc's  shareholders withhold votes for all three directors on the company's compensation committee  saying ""mega grants"" provided to the executive chairman and chief business officer were ""problematic""."
"Three Google directors survive challenge over pay " "Three Google Inc  compensation committee members were re-elected on Wednesday  the technology company said at its annual meeting  despite a challenge from a high-profile proxy adviser that raised concerns over executive pay."
"UPDATE 2-Three Google directors survive challenge over pay " "June 3 Three Google Inc compensation committee members were re-elected on Wednesday  the technology company said at its annual meeting  despite a challenge from a high-profile proxy adviser that raised concerns over executive pay."
"Amazon  Google race to get your DNA into the cloud " "NEW YORK Amazon.com Inc is in a race against Google Inc to store data on human DNA  seeking both bragging rights in helping scientists make new medical discoveries and market share in a business that may be worth $1 billion a year by 2018. | Video "
"CORRECTED-INSIGHT-Amazon  Google race to get your DNA into the cloud " "NEW YORK  June 5 Amazon.com Inc is in a race against Google Inc to store data on human DNA  seeking both bragging rights in helping scientists make new medical discoveries and market share in a business that may be worth $1 billion a year by 2018."
"Google to release monthly data on self-driving car accidents " "June 5 Google Inc said it would give monthly updates of accidents involving its driverless cars as public interest groups ask for more data on the safety of the project."
"RPT - INSIGHT-Amazon  Google race to get your DNA into the cloud " "NEW YORK  June 5 Amazon.com Inc is in a race against Google Inc to store data on human DNA  seeking both bragging rights in helping scientists make new medical discoveries and market share in a business that may be worth $1 billion a year by 2018."
"CORRECTED-Google to release monthly data on self-driving car accidents " "June 5 Google Inc said it would give monthly updates of accidents involving its driverless cars."
"No transaction fee for Google on mobile phone payments -WSJ " "June 6 Google's new mobile phone payment service  Android Pay  will not garner any transaction fees from credit card companies  which may put pressure on competitor Apple to drop or lower its charges  the Wall Street Journal reported."
"UPDATE 1-Google to release monthly data on self-driving car accidents " "June 5 Google Inc said it would give monthly updates of accidents involving its driverless cars."
"Apple said to build high-speed data network: Bloomberg " "Apple Inc is setting up a high-speed network and upgrading how it builds data centers  to compete better with Amazon.com Inc  Google Inc and Microsoft Corp in cloud services  Bloomberg reported  citing people familiar with the plans."
"BlackRock taps Google scientist to help big data push " "BlackRock Inc  the world's largest asset manager  has hired Bill MacCartney  a former senior Google research scientist  as a managing director  joining its scientific-active equity team  a company spokesman confirmed to Reuters."
"CORRECTED-Auction.com-Situs deal aims to move commercial property beyond local arena " "NEW YORK  June 8 Auction.com  an online marketplace for property backed by Google Inc and real estate mogul Barry Sternlicht  signed a deal with a commercial real estate advisory firm to provide due diligence in a step to enhance its services and help move sales further beyond the local arena."
"ON THE MOVE-BlackRock taps Google scientist to help big data push " "June 8 BlackRock Inc  the world's largest asset manager  has hired Bill MacCartney  a former senior Google research scientist  as a managing director  joining its scientific-active equity team  a company spokesman confirmed to Reuters."
"Audi CEO's privacy appeal takes aim at Google's car push " "BERLIN  June 9 Volkswagen's Audi will take a stringent line on guarding customers' data  the carmaker's chief executive said on Tuesday  in a thinly veiled swipe at new rival Google Inc.."
"Exclusive: BlackBerry may put Android system on new device: sources " "TORONTO BlackBerry  is considering equipping an upcoming smartphone with Google Inc.'s  Android software for the first time  an acknowledgement that its revamped line of devices has failed to win mass appeal  according to four sources familiar with the matter."
"Exclusive: BlackBerry may put Android system on new device: sources " "TORONTO BlackBerry  is considering equipping an upcoming smartphone with Google Inc.'s  Android software for the first time  an acknowledgement that its revamped line of devices has failed to win mass appeal  according to four sources familiar with the matter. | Video "
"French regulator ups pressure on Google on ""right to be forgotten"" " "PARIS  June 12 France's data protection regulator has ordered Google to remove information from all versions of its search engine  not just European ones  when users' requested to scrub some results under the so-called ""right to be forgotten""."
"French watchdog pressures Google on right 'to be forgotten' " "PARIS Google must scrub search results worldwide when it agrees to requests from users to be ""forgotten""  rather than just from European versions of its website  France's data protection regulator said on Friday."
"Twitter seeks new CEO  and more users  as Costolo exits " "Some things can't be summed up in 140 characters. | Video "
"UPDATE 1-Google launches a YouTube built for gamers " "June 12 Google Inc said on Friday that it is launching a live streaming gaming service called ""YouTube Gaming""  creating a rival to Amazon.com Inc's Twitch service."
"UPDATE 2-French watchdog pressures Google on right ""to be forgotten"" " "PARIS  June 12 Google must scrub search results worldwide when it agrees to requests from users to be ""forgotten""  rather than just from European versions of its website  France's data protection regulator said on Friday."
"Mobli takes on Internet giants with event-based photo and video search " "TEL AVIV Israeli start-up Mobli Media Inc is taking on Internet giants Google  Facebook and Yahoo with an innovative online search tool to find the latest photos and videos across social media  the company said on Monday."
"Mobli takes on Internet giants with event-based photo and video search " "TEL AVIV  June 15 Israeli start-up Mobli Media Inc is taking on Internet giants Google  Facebook  and Yahoo with an innovative online search tool to find the latest photos and videos across social media  the company said on Monday."
"Airbus to build satellites for OneWeb to beam Internet from space " "CAPE CANAVERAL  Fla Europe's Airbus Group will design and build about 900 satellites for privately owned OneWeb Ltd  which plans to offer  high-speed  space-based Internet access to billions of people worldwide  company officials said on Monday."
"Airbus to build satellites for OneWeb to beam Internet from space " "CAPE CANAVERAL  Fla. June 15 Europe's Airbus Group will design and build about 900 satellites for privately owned OneWeb Ltd  which plans to offer  high-speed  space-based Internet access to billions of people worldwide  company officials said on Monday."
"Critics due to get EU's Google antitrust charge sheet this week - sources " "BRUSSELS  June 16 Microsoft  German publisher Axel Springer and 17 other critics of Google are expected to get a copy of the EU's antitrust charge sheet against the search engine giant this week in order to allow them to provide feedback  four people familiar with the matter said on Tuesday."
"Critics due to get EU's Google antitrust charge sheet this week: sources " "BRUSSELS Microsoft  German publisher Axel Springer and 17 other critics of Google are expected to get a copy of the EU's antitrust charge sheet against the search engine giant this week in order to allow them to provide feedback  four people familiar with the matter said on Tuesday."
"BRIEF-Ingenico Group and Google collaborate on cross-border e-commerce " "* Ingenico Payment Services and Google will launch the collaboration with a pilot solution in Belgium as a first step"
"Deals of the day- Mergers and acquisitions " "June 18 The following bids  mergers  acquisitions and disposals were reported by 2000 GMT on Thursday:"
"Front runner: IPO gives Fitbit firepower in crowded market " "June 18 Just as Kleenex has become a generic term for face tissue and Google for online search  Fitbit is fast becoming a byword for wearable fitness gear."
"Front runner: IPO gives Fitbit firepower in crowded market " "Just as Kleenex has become a generic term for face tissue and Google for online search  Fitbit is fast becoming a byword for wearable fitness gear."
"Google critics given month to comment on EU antitrust charges " "European antitrust regulators have sent copies of their charges against Google to critics of the U.S. tech giant and given them a month to comment  one of the complainants said on Thursday."
"Google critics given month to comment on EU antitrust charges " "LONDON European antitrust regulators have sent copies of their charges against Google to critics of the U.S. tech giant and given them a month to comment  one of the complainants said on Thursday."
"Google critics given month to comment on EU antitrust charges " "LONDON  June 18 European antitrust regulators have sent copies of their charges against Google to critics of the U.S. tech giant and given them a month to comment  one of the complainants said on Thursday."
"Permira  Google may jointly bid for Tesco's data unit: source " "Internet search giant Google Inc  and private equity fund Permira [PERM.UL] are in talks to make a joint bid for British retailer Tesco Plc's  customer data business  a source familiar with the matter said."
"Permira  Google may jointly bid for Tesco's data unit - source " "June 18 Internet search giant Google Inc  and private equity fund Permira are in talks to make a joint bid for British retailer Tesco Plc's  customer data business  a source familiar with the matter said."
"PRESS DIGEST- British Business - June 19 " "The following are the top stories on the business pages of British newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy."
"U.S. Supreme Court rejects Google patent appeal over Street View " "WASHINGTON Google Inc will have to defend claims that its Street View mapping software violates patents held by Vederi LLC after the U.S. Supreme Court on Monday declined to take up the company's appeal."
"U.S. Supreme Court rejects Google patent appeal over Street View " "WASHINGTON  June 22 Google Inc will have to defend claims that its Street View mapping software violates patents held by Vederi LLC after the U.S. Supreme Court on Monday declined to take up the company's appeal."
"Getty Images takes Google grievance to EU antitrust regulators " "BRUSSELS Getty Images [GETTY.UL] has become the latest company to take its grievances with Google to EU antitrust regulators as it accused the world's most popular Internet search engine of favoring its own images service at the expense of rivals."
"Getty Images takes Google grievance to EU antitrust regulators " "BRUSSELS  June 23 Getty Images has become the latest company to take its grievances with Google  to EU antitrust regulators as it accused the world's most popular Internet search engine of favouring its own images service at the expense of rivals."
"Google to remove Confederate flag from Google Shopping  ads " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc said on Tuesday it would remove content containing the Confederate flag from its Google Shopping service and ads in the wake of last week's racially motivated mass shooting at a historic black church in South Carolina."
"Google to remove Confederate flag from Google Shopping  ads " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 23 Google Inc said on Tuesday it would remove content containing the Confederate flag from its Google Shopping service and ads in the wake of last week's racially motivated mass shooting at a historic black church in South Carolina."
"Google Genomics adds Broad Institute's DNA analysis toolkit " "NEW YORK Google Genomics  the cloud-based computing business that is racing to increase its share of online DNA analytics  on Wednesday began offering a cloud service version of the popular DNA analysis software from the Broad Institute  a biomedical research organization."
"Google Genomics adds Broad Institute's DNA analysis toolkit " "NEW YORK  June 24 Google Genomics  the cloud-based computing business that is racing to increase its share of online DNA analytics  on Wednesday began offering a cloud service version of the popular DNA analysis software from the Broad Institute  a biomedical research organization."
"Bharti Enterprises buys stake in satellite internet startup OneWeb " "MUMBAI Internet delivered globally via satellites came a step closer on Thursday after a group of global investors agreed to put $500 million into OneWeb Ltd  one of the largest corporate venture financings so far this year."
"German utilities shed old skin as new technology dictates change " "FRANKFURT  June 25 Germany's utilities are preparing for their next battle. While  fighting to turn a profit as energy policy hammers their businesses  energy groups now fear technology companies disrupting what has been seen as a safe if worthy sector."
"Google starts road tests of new self-driving car prototypes " "June 25 Google Inc said it had started testing the latest prototypes of its self-driving cars on Mountain View  California roads  with safety drivers aboard."
"Google starts road tests of new self-driving car prototypes " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc  said on Thursday it had started testing the latest prototypes of its self-driving cars on Mountain View  California roads  with safety drivers aboard."
"UPDATE 1-Google starts road tests of new self-driving car prototypes " "SAN FRANCISCO  June 25 Google Inc said on Thursday it had started testing the latest prototypes of its self-driving cars on Mountain View  California roads  with safety drivers aboard."
"UPDATE 2-OneWeb sets record launch plan after $500 mln funding " "* OneWeb announces historic rocket launch deal   (Adds Virgin Galactic comments  details)"
"Google starts road tests of new self-driving car prototypes " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc  said on Thursday it had started testing the latest prototypes of its self-driving cars on Mountain View  California roads  with safety drivers aboard."
"Two rival self-driving cars have close call in California " "MOUNTAIN VIEW  Calif.  June 25 Two self-driving prototype cars  one operated by Google Inc and the other by Delphi Automotive Plc  had a close call on a Silicon Valley street earlier this week  a Delphi executive told Reuters on Thursday."
"Two rival self-driving cars have close call in California " "MOUNTAIN VIEW  Calif. Two self-driving prototype cars  one operated by Google Inc and the other by Delphi Automotive Plc  had a close call on a Silicon Valley street earlier this week  a Delphi executive told Reuters on Thursday."
"Delphi says self-driving car didn't come close to Google's car " "Delphi Automotive PLC  on Friday offered a new description of an encounter on a California road between one of its prototype self-driving cars and a self-driving vehicle operated by Google Inc   saying ""the vehicles didn't even come close to each other."""
"Delphi says self-driving car didn't come close to Google's car " "June 26 Delphi Automotive PLC on Friday offered a new description of an encounter on a California road between one of its prototype self-driving cars and a self-driving vehicle operated by Google Inc  saying ""the vehicles didn't even come close to each other."""
"CORRECTED-Two rival self-driving cars have close call in California " "MOUNTAIN VIEW  Calif.  June 25 Two self-driving prototype cars  one operated by Google Inc and the other by Delphi Automotive Plc  had a close call on a Silicon Valley street earlier this week  a Delphi executive told Reuters on Thursday."
"Google has until August 17 to reply to EU antitrust charges " "BRUSSELS Google Inc  has been given until mid-August to head off EU charges of abusing its market power in a dozen EU countries and stave off a possible billion-euro fine."
"Two rival self-driving cars have close call in California " "MOUNTAIN VIEW  Calif. (This June 25  2015 story was changed to show attribution in the last sentence to the companies  instead of the California Department of Motor Vehicles and the companies)"
"UPDATE 1-Google has until Aug. 17 to reply to EU antitrust charges " "BRUSSELS  June 29 Google Inc has been given until mid-August to head off EU charges of abusing its market power in a dozen EU countries and stave off a possible billion-euro fine."
"UPDATE 3-U.S. top court declines to hear Google appeal in Oracle Java fight " "WASHINGTON/SAN FRANCISCO  June 29 Oracle Corp  won a major legal victory on Monday in a closely watched copyright case involving the company's Java programming language as the U.S. Supreme Court declined to hear Google Inc's  appeal."
"UPDATE 4-Microsoft hands display ads to AOL  maps to Uber " "SEATTLE  June 29 Microsoft Corp said on Monday it will hand over its display advertising business to AOL Inc and sell some map-generating technology to ride-hailing app company Uber  as it slims down its money-losing online operations."
"U.S. Supreme Court declines to hear Google appeal in Oracle software fight " "WASHINGTON  June 29 The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday declined to hear Google Inc's appeal in a major software copyright case  leaving intact a ruling that would allow Oracle Corp to charge licensing fees for the use of some of its Java programming language."
"U.S. top court declines to hear Google appeal in Oracle Java fight " "WASHINGTON/SAN FRANCISCO Oracle Corp  won a major legal victory on Monday in a closely watched copyright case involving the company's Java programing language as the U.S. Supreme Court declined to hear Google Inc's  appeal."
"U.S. top court declines to hear Google appeal in Oracle Java fight " "WASHINGTON/SAN FRANCISCO Oracle Corp  won a major legal victory on Monday in a closely watched copyright case involving the company's Java programming language as the U.S. Supreme Court declined to hear Google Inc's  appeal."
"Capital controls mean Greeks can click  but not buy " "* Many online suppliers handle payment from single European centre"
"Microsoft hands display ads to AOL  maps to Uber " "SEATTLE Microsoft Corp  said on Monday it will hand over its display advertising business to AOL Inc and sell some map-generating technology to ride-hailing app company Uber  as it slims down its money-losing online operations."
"Ryanair to allow Greek customers to pay cash " "DUBLIN Europe's largest low-cost carrier Ryanair  will allow Greek customers to pay with cash after capital controls caused problems with credit card payments on its web site."
"UPDATE 1-Capital controls mean Greeks can click  but not buy " "* Many online suppliers handle payment from single European centre"
"YouTube wins German court case over artists' fees " "MUNICH  Germany Google won a legal victory on Tuesday over German performing rights organisation Gema  which had sought to make the company's video-sharing service YouTube pay each time users watched music videos by artists it represents."
"YouTube wins German court case over artists' fees " "MUNICH  Germany  June 30 Google won a legal victory on Tuesday over German performing rights organisation Gema  which had sought to make the company's video-sharing service YouTube pay each time users watched music videos by artists it represents."
"Brazil's Rousseff tops off U.S. tour with Silicon Valley visit " "SAN FRANCISCO Brazil's President Dilma Rousseff capped off her U.S. tour on Wednesday with a visit to Silicon Valley  where she met with top technology executives and took a ride in Google Inc's self-driving car."
"Brazil's Rousseff tops off U.S. tour with Silicon Valley visit " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 1 Brazil's President Dilma Rousseff capped off her U.S. tour on Wednesday with a visit to Silicon Valley  where she met with top technology executives and took a ride in Google Inc's self-driving car."
"UPDATE 1-BMW manager: could imagine partnerships with IT firms " "* BMW open to partnerships  production chief says   (Adds statement from BMW production chief)"
"YouTube not liable on copyright  but needs to do more - German court " "A German court reaffirmed on Wednesday that YouTube was only responsible for blocking copyright-infringing videos which had been brought to its attention  but the judicial panel said the Google video unit could do more to stop breaches."
"Brazil's Rousseff tops off U.S. tour with Silicon Valley visit " " (This July 1 story has been corrected to remove reference to Brazil being second-largest market for Apple) | Video "
"CORRECTED-Brazil's Rousseff tops off U.S. tour with Silicon Valley visit " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 1 Brazil's President Dilma Rousseff capped off her U.S. tour on Wednesday with a visit to Silicon Valley  where she met with top technology executives and took a ride in Google Inc's self-driving car."
"Google's Waze to start carpooling pilot programme in Israel " "JERUSALEM  July 6 Google-owned online mapping company Waze is launching a carpooling pilot programme in Israel where commuters pay fellow drivers a small fee for a ride to and from work."
"UPDATE 1-Google begins testing self-driving prototype cars in Austin  Texas " "DETROIT  July 7 Google Inc has begun testing its self-driving cars in Austin  Texas  expanding efforts to gather information on how the prototypes interact with traffic  road conditions and people  the company said early Tuesday."
"German car makers in stand-off with Nokia over bid for maps business HERE -sources " "FRANKFURT  July 8 Germany's big car makers have reached a stand-off with Nokia in their joint bid to buy the Finnish company's maps business HERE  while rival offers appear to be unravelling  sources familiar with the process said."
"Bullish options bets on Google set to pay off big " "NEW YORK Some bullish bets on Google Inc's shares  placed ahead of its second-quarter results on Thursday  look set to reap big profits with the shares up 9.5 percent in trading after the bell."
"Google's Porat emphasizes cost control in first comments to investors " "SAN FRANCISCO In her much-awaited first remarks to investors on Thursday  Google Inc finance chief Ruth Porat stressed keeping expenses under control  which helped send the company's stock to record highs in after-hours trading."
"Google's Porat emphasizes cost control in first comments to investors " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 16 In her much-awaited first remarks to investors on Thursday  Google Inc finance chief Ruth Porat stressed keeping expenses under control  which helped send the company's stock to record highs in after-hours trading."
"Google wins dismissal of Android privacy lawsuit " "Google Inc won the dismissal of a lawsuit by Android users who said the company violated its own privacy policy by disclosing their names  email addresses and account locations to third parties without permission  to boost advertising revenue."
"Google wins dismissal of Android privacy lawsuit " "July 16 Google Inc won the dismissal of a lawsuit by Android users who said the company violated its own privacy policy by disclosing their names  email addresses and account locations to third parties without permission  to boost advertising revenue."
"UPDATE 2-Obama launches project for more broadband in public housing " "WASHINGTON/DURANT  Okla.  July 15 U.S. President Barack Obama announced a pilot project on Wednesday aimed at expanding broadband access for people who live in public housing  part of an effort to close what Obama called the ""digital divide"" between rich and poor."
"UPDATE 4-Google rallies as profit beats forecasts on ad revenue growth " "BENGALURU/SAN FRANCISCO July 16 Shares of Google Inc rose nearly 12 percent after the Web search leader's profit beat forecasts for the first time in the last six quarters  boosted by strong advertising revenue and comments by its new chief financial officer on disciplined spending."
"US STOCKS-Wall St rises; eBay  Netflix push Nasdaq to record high " "* Indexes up: Dow 0.39 pct  S&P 0.8 pct  Nasdaq 1.26 pct   (Updates to close  adds detail)"
"E-commerce website Etsy shares soar after Google mention " "Shares of e-commerce website Etsy  jumped 30 percent on Friday thanks to a nod from Google  during its quarterly conference call."
"GLOBAL MARKETS-Nasdaq ends at record; earnings  energy hit other indexes " "* Spot gold hits five-year low   (Updates to close of U.S. markets)"
"Google gains billions in value as YouTube drives ad growth " "Google Inc's  shares closed up 16.3 percent at $699.62 on Friday  adding about $65 billion to its market value  as strong growth in YouTube viewership eased investor concerns about Facebook Inc's  push into video. | Video "
"Google self-driving car was rear-ended early July  causing injuries " "DETROIT One of Google Inc's  self-driving cars was involved in an accident early in July  in which three employees were injured when a vehicle equipped with Google technology was rear-ended by another vehicle  the company said. | Video "
"UPDATE 4-Google gains billions in value as YouTube drives ad growth " "* 27 brokerages raise price targets   (Adds stock closing price  investor comment)"
"US STOCKS-Google propels Nasdaq to another record high close " "* Dow closes down 0.19 pct  S&P up 0.11 pct  Nasdaq up 0.91 pct   (Updates to close  adds detail)"
"US STOCKS-Google pushes Nasdaq to record; Dow  S&P slip on oil " "* Dow down 0.34 pct  S&P down 0.09 pct  Nasdaq up 0.52 pct   (Updates to early afternoon)"
"US STOCKS-Google pushes Nasdaq to record high  other stocks mixed " "* Dow down 0.27 pct  S&P flat  Nasdaq up 0.76 pct   (Updates to afternoon  adds comment)"
"US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Nasdaq ends at record high after Google " "NEW YORK  July 17 The Nasdaq composite closed at a record high on Friday on strong results from Google while weak energy stocks weighed on the Dow and S&P 500."
"Wall St Week Ahead-Investors hope tech giants repeat Google surge " "NEW YORK  July 17 Google Inc's strong quarterly results  which unleashed a massive surge in its shares on Friday  has investors feeling upbeat heading into next week's tech-heavy slate of earnings reports."
"Investors hope tech giants repeat Google surge " "NEW YORK Google Inc's strong quarterly results  which unleashed a massive surge in its shares on Friday  has investors feeling upbeat heading into next week's tech-heavy slate of earnings reports."
"RPT-Wall St Week Ahead-Investors hope tech giants repeat Google surge " "NEW YORK  July 17 Google Inc's strong quarterly results  which unleashed a massive surge in its shares on Friday  has investors feeling upbeat heading into next week's tech-heavy slate of earnings reports."
"India Morning Call-Global Markets " "NEW YORK - A major rally in Google pushed the Nasdaq to a second straight record high on Friday while weak energy stocks weighed on the Dow and S&P 500."
"Options traders grow more bullish on big tech names " "NEW YORK Trading in a key technology fund's options showed signs of growing bullishness on Monday ahead of earnings reports this week from big names in the sector  including Apple Inc   International Business Machines  and Microsoft Corp ."
"Wall Street ends flat as commodity drop caps gains " "Wall Street was little changed on Monday  as a better-than-expected start to corporate earnings season boosted investor confidence  but gains were curbed by a drop in commodities."
"LG Electronics shares surge on speculation of Google stake buy " "SEOUL  July 22 Shares of South Korea's LG Electronics Inc surged in morning trade on Wednesday  rising as much as 14.5 percent at one point on market speculation that Google Inc will acquire a stake in the consumer electronics maker."
"LG Electronics shares surge on speculation of Google stake buy " "SEOUL Shares of South Korea's LG Electronics Inc  surged in morning trade on Wednesday  rising as much as 14.5 percent at one point on market speculation that Google Inc  will acquire a stake in the consumer electronics maker."
"Oracle seeks permission to update copyright lawsuit against Google " "July 22 Oracle Corp has asked a U.S. judge for permission to update its copyright lawsuit against Google Inc to include the Android operating system's current market dominance."
"Oracle seeks permission to update copyright lawsuit against Google " "Oracle Corp has asked a U.S. judge for permission to update its copyright lawsuit against Google Inc to include the Android operating system's current market dominance."
"Oracle seeks permission to update copyright lawsuit against Google " "Oracle Corp has asked a U.S. judge for permission to update its copyright lawsuit against Google Inc  to include the Android operating system's current market dominance."
"Apple removes Nest Labs thermostats from U.S. stores " "Apple Inc said it had removed Nest Labs' Internet-connected thermostats from its U.S. online and retail stores  a year after the home automation maker was bought by Google Inc for $3.3 billion."
"Apple removes Nest Labs thermostats from U.S. stores " "July 24 Apple Inc said it had removed Nest Labs' Internet-connected thermostats from its U.S. online and retail stores  a year after the home automation maker was bought by Google Inc for $3.3 billion."
"U.S. private sector vows to ante up on climate finance " "WASHINGTON Some of the biggest U.S. corporate names on Monday offered their support - and billions of dollars in green financing pledges - to buttress the Obama administration's quest for a global agreement on combating climate change."
"Yelp needs help  and buyout may be the answer " "July 29 Selling itself could be one of the few options left for Yelp Inc  which is struggling to win advertising dollars in an increasingly crowded market that already includes Google Inc  TripAdvisor Inc  and GrubHub Inc."
"Yelp needs help  and buyout may be the answer " "Selling itself could be one of the few options left for Yelp Inc   which is struggling to win advertising dollars in an increasingly crowded market that already includes Google Inc   TripAdvisor Inc  and GrubHub Inc ."
"CORRECTED-UPDATE 1-Facebook shares dip as results fail to impress " "July 30 Facebook Inc's shares fell as much as 5 percent on Thursday  after the company's weak advertising sales growth outlook dampened investor expectations boosted by Google Inc's strong report earlier this month."
"Google loses bid to overturn low-cost patent licenses to Microsoft " "Google Inc will have to make do with the low rate it must offer Microsoft Corp to use some of its Motorola Mobility patents after a U.S. appeals court on Thursday ruled the licensing rate had been properly set."
"Google loses bid to overturn low-cost patent licenses to Microsoft " "NEW YORK In a setback for Google Inc   a U.S. appeals court ruled on Thursday that the low licensing rate Microsoft Corp  pays to use some of Google's Motorola Mobility patents had been properly set."
"Google loses bid to overturn low-cost patent licenses to Microsoft " "NEW YORK  July 30 Google Inc will have to make do with the low rate it must offer Microsoft Corp to use some of its Motorola Mobility patents after a U.S. appeals court on Thursday ruled the licensing rate had been properly set."
"Google refuses French order to apply ""right to be forgotten"" globally " "BRUSSELS Google Inc is refusing to bow to an order from the French privacy watchdog to scrub search results worldwide when users invoke their ""right to be forgotten"" online  it said on Thursday  exposing itself to possible fines."
"No end in sight for Oracle  Google legal fight over Android " "SAN FRANCISCO  July 30 Oracle Corp's  long-running legal battle with Google Inc over Google's Android operating system for smartphones and other devices probably will not proceed to another trial until the middle of 2016  a U.S. judge said on Thursday."
"No end in sight for Oracle  Google legal fight over Android " "SAN FRANCISCO Oracle Corp's  long-running legal battle with Google Inc over Google's Android operating system for smartphones and other devices probably will not proceed to another trial until the middle of 2016  a U.S. judge said on Thursday."
"No end in sight for Oracle  Google legal fight over Android " "SAN FRANCISCO Oracle Corp's long-running legal battle with Google Inc over Google's Android operating system for smartphones and other devices probably will not proceed to another trial until the middle of 2016  a U.S. judge said on Thursday."
"UPDATE 2-Google loses bid to overturn low-cost patent licenses to Microsoft " "NEW YORK  July 30 In a setback for Google Inc   a U.S. appeals court ruled on Thursday that the low licensing rate Microsoft Corp pays to use some of Google's Motorola Mobility patents had been properly set."
"UPDATE 2-Google refuses French order to apply ""right to be forgotten"" globally " "* French watchdog to decide on way forward within two months   (Adds comment from French data protection authority)"
"CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-Google refuses French order to apply ""right to be forgotten"" globally " "BRUSSELS  July 30 Google Inc is refusing to bow to an order from the French privacy watchdog to scrub search results worldwide when users invoke their ""right to be forgotten"" online  it said on Thursday  exposing itself to possible fines."
"Google refuses French order to apply 'right to be forgotten' globally " " (This version of the July 30th corrects story to read ""partly"" of a political nature  not ""mostly"" in  paragraph 10)"
"UPDATE 2-Apple denies plan to sell mobile services directly to consumers " "* Mobile network service could undermine telecom operators   (Adds context  details on Google network project  share action)"
"Internet firms to be subject to new cybersecurity rules in EU " "BRUSSELS  Aug 6 Internet firms such as Cisco   Google and Amazon will be subject to a new EU cybersecurity law forcing them to adopt tough security measures and possibly report serious breaches to national authorities  according to a document seen by Reuters."
"Internet firms to be subject to new cybersecurity rules in EU " "BRUSSELS Internet firms such as Cisco   Google  and Amazon  will be subject to a new EU cybersecurity law forcing them to adopt tough security measures and possibly report serious breaches to national authorities  according to a document seen by Reuters."
"Internet firms to be subject to new cybersecurity rules in EU " "Internet firms such as Cisco  Google  and Amazon will be subject to a new EU cybersecurity law forcing them to adopt tough security measures and possibly report serious breaches to national authorities  according to a document seen by Reuters."
"Google  Samsung to issue monthly Android security fixes " "LAS VEGAS  Aug 6 Google Inc and Samsung Electronics Co will release monthly security fixes for Android phones  a growing target for hackers  after the disclosure of a bug designed to attack the world's most popular mobile operating system."
"Google  Samsung to issue monthly Android security fixes " "LAS VEGAS Google Inc and Samsung Electronics Co will release monthly security fixes for Android phones  a growing target for hackers  after the disclosure of a bug designed to attack the world's most popular mobile operating system."
"Google Inc to become Alphabet Inc in shakeup " "Aug 10 Google Inc is changing its operating structure by setting up a new company called Alphabet Inc  which will include the search business and a number of other units."
"Google morphs into Alphabet Inc  investors cheer clarity " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc  announced a major shake-up of its operating structure on Monday  creating a holding company called Alphabet which will contain subsidiaries to separate its core web advertising business from newer ventures like driverless cars. | Video "
"Google morphs into Alphabet Inc  investors cheer clarity " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc  announced a major shake-up of its operating structure on Monday  creating a holding company called Alphabet which will contain subsidiaries to separate its core web advertising business from newer ventures like driverless cars. | Video "
"UPDATE 3-Google morphs into Alphabet Inc  investors cheer clarity " "SAN FRANCISCO Aug 10 Google Inc  announced a major shake-up of its operating structure on Monday  creating a holding company called Alphabet which will contain subsidiaries to separate its core web advertising business from newer ventures like driverless cars."
"US STOCKS-Wall St rallies with energy  materials; Google jumps after the bell " "* Google up after closing bell  announces new operating structure"
"Wall St. rallies with energy  materials; Google jumps after the bell " "U.S. stocks climbed on Monday  giving the S&P 500 its biggest increase since May as indexes rebounded sharply from last week's losses  buoyed by gains in commodity-related shares and optimism over Warren Buffett's latest deal."
"BMW looks at whether Google's Alphabet infringes trademark rights " "FRANKFURT  Aug 11 BMW on Tuesday said it was looking into whether Google infringed any trademark rights after the Silicon Valley-based group set up a new company called Alphabet  which is also the name of a BMW subsidiary."
"BMW looks at whether Google's Alphabet infringes trademark rights " "FRANKFURT BMW on Tuesday said it was looking into whether Google infringed any trademark rights after the Silicon Valley-based group set up a new company called Alphabet  which is also the name of a BMW subsidiary."
"Google morphs into Alphabet; investors cheer clarity " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc  announced a surprise overhaul of its operating structure on Monday  creating a holding company called Alphabet to pool its many subsidiaries and separate the core web advertising business from newer ventures like driverless cars. | Video "
"Google overhaul 'shareholder friendly' but details scarce " "Google Inc's overhaul of its operating structure is an acknowledgement of the lack of transparency surrounding its disparate businesses and projects  analysts said  but it remains to be seen how much more the company will actually disclose. | Video "
"New Google CEO Pichai made ascent with low-key style and technical chops " "SAN FRANCISCO A low-key style and an unusually firm handle on diplomacy propelled new Google chief executive Sundar Pichai to the top of the search engine giant  former colleagues said  cementing his successes such as creating the Chrome browser."
"New Google CEO Pichai made ascent with low-key style and technical chops " "SAN FRANCISCO A low-key style and an unusually firm handle on diplomacy propelled new Google chief executive Sundar Pichai to the top of the search engine giant  former colleagues said  cementing his successes such as creating the Chrome browser."
"REFILE-New Google CEO Pichai made ascent with low-key style and technical chops " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 10 A low-key style and an unusually firm handle on diplomacy propelled new Google chief executive Sundar Pichai to the top of the search engine giant  former colleagues said  cementing his successes such as creating the Chrome browser."
"REFILE-RPT-New Google CEO Pichai made ascent with low-key style and technical chops " "SAN FRANCISCO  Aug 10 A low-key style and an unusually firm handle on diplomacy propelled new Google chief executive Sundar Pichai to the top of the search engine giant  former colleagues said  cementing his successes such as creating the Chrome browser."
"Facebook struggles to sell advertising in India " "SAN FRANCISCO/MUMBAI  August 12 Facebook is trying to lure skeptical advertisers in India with features such as free email support for questions about advertising and advice on increasing sales in a bid to boost revenue from its second biggest market."
"RPT-Facebook struggles to sell advertising in India " "SAN FRANCISCO/MUMBAI  August 12 Facebook is trying to lure skeptical advertisers in India with features such as free email support for questions about advertising and advice on increasing sales in a bid to boost revenue from its second biggest market."
"UPDATE 1-Facebook struggles to sell advertising in India " "SAN FRANCISCO/MUMBAI  August 12 Facebook is trying to lure skeptical advertisers in India with features such as free email support for questions about advertising and advice on increasing sales in a bid to boost revenue from its second biggest market."
"BRIEF-CentralNic says rise in share price related to Google announcement " "* Believes that recent movement in co's share price is related to media comment surrounding announcement by google"
"CentralNIC: Powering the xyz to Google's abc " "Aug 13 Ben Crawford was asleep 12 000 km (7 500 miles) from Google Inc's Mountain View  California headquarters this week when the Internet giant unveiled its new face."
"CentralNIC - Powering the xyz to Google's abc " "Ben Crawford was asleep 12 000 km (7 500 miles) from Google Inc's Mountain View  California headquarters this week when the Internet giant unveiled its new face."
"COLUMN-Why Google - and Larry Page - created their own Alphabet " "Aug 13 With the launch of its new holding company  Alphabet  Google is trying its hardest not to be Microsoft. And Chief Executive Officer Larry Page is signaling that he does not want to be Bill Gates."
"Google has until Aug. 31 to reply to EU antitrust charges " "Google Inc has been given an extra two weeks to respond to European Union charges of abusing its market power in a dozen EU countries and stave off a possible billion-euro fine."
"Google has until August 31 to reply to EU antitrust charges " "BRUSSELS Google Inc   the world's most popular Internet search engine  has been given an extra two weeks to counter European Union charges of abusing its market power in a dozen EU countries and stave off a possible billion-euro fine."
"Lenovo faces Motorola hangover  cuts 3 200 jobs as sales slide  profit tumbles " "BEIJING China's Lenovo Group Ltd  will lay off 10 percent of white-collar staff after sales of Motorola handsets fell by a third  raising doubts over the personal computer giant's bet that a money-losing brand it bought for nearly $3 billion will help it become a global smartphone leader. | Video "
"UPDATE 2-Google has until Aug. 31 to reply to EU antitrust charges " "BRUSSELS  Aug 13 Google Inc  the world's most popular Internet search engine  has been given an extra two weeks to counter European Union charges of abusing its market power in a dozen EU countries and stave off a possible billion-euro fine."
"UPDATE 2-Lenovo faces Motorola hangover  cuts 3 200 jobs as sales slide  profit tumbles " "* Still believe Motorola deal was right decision - CEO   (Adds CEO comment  smartphone industry context)"
"BRIEF-Cellcast denies Google in talks to use its technology " "* Notes recent press speculation suggesting that Google Inc in advanced talks with co to use their internet telephony technology"
"In Google limelight  XYZ CEO rules out sale " "Daniel Negari could not be clearer - his company is not for sale."
"PHILIPPINES PRESS-Chipmaker Cirtek on Google shortlist - BusinessWorld " "Chipmaker Cirtek Holdings Philippines Corp has been shortlisted for a possible manufacturing deal with Google Inc  as the American technology giant continues to build its stable of self-driving cars  BusinessWorld newspaper reported  citing Cirtek's chief financial officer as saying. (http://bit.ly/1hGKLJn)"
"Google launches Wi-Fi router for home use " "Aug 18 Google Inc launched a Wi-Fi router on Tuesday  the latest move in the company's efforts to get ready for the connected home and draw more users to its services."
"Google launches Wi-Fi router for home use " "Google Inc  launched a Wi-Fi router on Tuesday  the latest move in the company's efforts to get ready for the connected home and draw more users to its services."
"Daimler CEO mulls JVs with Apple  Google -magazine " "BERLIN  Aug 21 Daimler's chief executive said ""different types"" of cooperation with Apple  and Google are possible as carmakers realise next-generation autos cannot be built without greater input from telecoms and software experts."
"Daimler CEO mulls JVs with Apple  Google: magazine " "BERLIN Daimler's  chief executive said ""different types"" of cooperation with Apple  and Google  are possible as carmakers realize next-generation autos cannot be built without greater input from telecoms and software experts."
"Google rejects 'unfounded' EU antitrust charges of market abuse " "BRUSSELS Google Inc  has rejected EU antitrust charges that it abused its market power  exposing the company to the risk of a hefty fine if it does not alter its business practices."
"Google rejects 'unfounded' EU antitrust charges of market abuse " "BRUSSELS Google Inc has rejected EU antitrust charges that it abused its market power  exposing the company to the risk of a hefty fine if it does not alter its business practices."
"Google rejects 'unfounded' EU antitrust charges of market abuse " "BRUSSELS Google Inc has rejected EU antitrust charges that it abused its market power  exposing the company to the risk of a hefty fine if it does not alter its business practices."
"UPDATE 2-Google rejects 'unfounded' EU antitrust charges of market abuse " "BRUSSELS  Aug 27 Google Inc has rejected EU antitrust charges that it abused its market power  exposing the company to the risk of a hefty fine if it does not alter its business practices."
"Big labor sees organizing boon for autos  warehouses  more from U.S. ruling " "Aug 28 U.S. union leaders said on Friday that a landmark U.S. labor board ruling on companies' obligations toward contract and franchise workers would help them organize manufacturers and e-commerce companies as well as fast food chains."
"Big labor sees organizing boon for autos  warehouses  more from U.S. ruling " "U.S. union leaders said on Friday that a landmark U.S. labor board ruling on companies' obligations toward contract and franchise workers would help them organize manufacturers and e-commerce companies as well as fast food chains."
"Russia's MTS teams up with Google to promote mobile Internet " "MOSCOW  Aug 28 Russia's biggest mobile phone operator MTS  said on Friday it had teamed up with Google Inc to help grow the use of mobile Internet and will get a share of the search site's advertising revenues in Russia."
"Russia's MTS teams up with Google to promote mobile Internet " "MOSCOW Russia's biggest mobile phone operator MTS said on Friday it had teamed up with Google Inc to help grow the use of mobile Internet and will get a share of the search site's advertising revenues in Russia."
"UPDATE 1-Big labor sees organizing boon for autos  warehouses  more from U.S. ruling " "Aug 28 U.S. union leaders said on Friday that a landmark U.S. labor board ruling on companies' obligations toward contract and franchise workers would help them organize manufacturers and e-commerce companies as well as fast food chains."
"Google  Sanofi team up to improve diabetes care " "Aug 31 Google Inc and French drugmaker Sanofi SA said they will partner to develop tools to improve the management and treatment of diabetes."
"Google  Sanofi team up to improve diabetes care " "Google Inc and French drugmaker Sanofi SA said they will partner to develop tools to improve the management and treatment of diabetes."
"Google redesigns iconic logo for the fifth time " "Google Inc unveiled a redesign of its iconic logo on Tuesday  the fifth such modification since the search engine giant started in 1998  the company said in a blog post."
"Google redesigns iconic logo for the fifth time " "Sept 1 Google Inc  unveiled a redesign of its iconic logo on Tuesday  the fifth such modification since the search engine giant started in 1998  the company said in a blog post."
"Law firm targets Google foes for private damages claims " "BRUSSELS U.S. law firm and class action specialist Hausfeld launched a platform on Tuesday to help pursue claims against Google  posing a potential headache for the world's No. 1 Internet search engine amid its regulatory troubles in Europe."
"U.S. law firm targets Google foes for private damages claims " "BRUSSELS  Sept 1 U.S. law firm and class action specialist Hausfeld launched a platform on Tuesday to help pursue claims against Google  posing a potential headache for the world's No. 1 Internet search engine amid its regulatory troubles in Europe."
"U.S. law firm targets Google foes for private damages claims " "BRUSSELS U.S. law firm and class action specialist Hausfeld launched a platform on Tuesday to help pursue claims against Google  posing a potential headache for the world's No. 1 Internet search engine amid its regulatory troubles in Europe."
"Automakers  Google take different roads to automated cars " "DETROIT From his laboratory at Pittsburgh's Carnegie Mellon University  automated vehicle pioneer Raj Rajkumar says self-driving cars will evolve step-by-step  with humans staying in charge for a long time to come."
"INSIGHT-Automakers  Google take different roads to automated cars " "DETROIT  Sept 4 From his laboratory at Pittsburgh's Carnegie Mellon University  automated vehicle pioneer Raj Rajkumar says self-driving cars will evolve step-by-step  with humans staying in charge for a long time to come."
"RPT - INSIGHT-Automakers  Google take different roads to automated cars " "DETROIT  Sept 4 From his laboratory at Pittsburgh's Carnegie Mellon University  automated vehicle pioneer Raj Rajkumar says self-driving cars will evolve step-by-step  with humans staying in charge for a long time to come."
"Google pushes into mobile payment with Android Pay launch in U.S. " "Google Inc said it would roll out Android Pay  a one-touch payment app on Android devices  in more than 1 million locations in the United States on Thursday."
"Google won't have easy ride back into China " "SINGAPORE/BEIJING Google Inc CEO Sundar Pichai has made no secret that he wants to get back into China via Google Play  the app store for its Android mobile operating system."
"Google won't have easy ride back into China " "SINGAPORE/BEIJING Google Inc CEO Sundar Pichai has made no secret that he wants to get back into China via Google Play  the app store for its Android mobile operating system. | Video "
"Google won't have easy ride back into China " "SINGAPORE/BEIJING  Sept 10 Google Inc  CEO Sundar Pichai has made no secret that he wants to get back into China via Google Play  the app store for its Android mobile operating system."
"UPDATE 1-Google pushes into mobile payment with Android Pay launch in U.S. " "Sept 10 Google Inc said it would roll out Android Pay  a one-touch payment app on Android devices  in more than 1 million locations in the United States on Thursday."
"Google hires Truecar's Krafcik to head its driverless car unit " "Google Inc  said it named auto industry veteran John Krafcik as chief executive of its self-driving car project from late September. | Video "
"Google hires Truecar's Krafcik to head its driverless car unit " "Sept 14 Google Inc said it named auto industry veteran John Krafcik as chief executive of its self-driving car project from late September."
"Russian watchdog says Google violating competition law " "MOSCOW Russia's anti-monopoly agency said on Monday Google Inc  was abusing its market position in the country and would face penalties  in a case launched by local competitor Yandex  ."
"Russian watchdog says Google violating competition law " "MOSCOW Russia's anti-monopoly agency said on Monday Google Inc was abusing its market position in the country and would face penalties  in a case launched by local competitor Yandex ."
"Russia's anti-monopoly watchdog says Google violates competition law " "MOSCOW  Sept 14 Russia's anti-monopoly agency said on Monday it had found Google in violation of the country's competition laws."
"UPDATE 2-Russian watchdog says Google violating competition law " "MOSCOW  Sept 14 Russia's anti-monopoly agency said on Monday Google Inc was abusing its market position in the country and would face penalties  in a case launched by local competitor Yandex ."
"Week Ahead in Intellectual Property: Sept. 14  2015 " "Here are some upcoming events of interest to the intellectual property community. All times local."
"Google does not intend to become a carmaker: executive " "FRANKFURT Google Inc.  does not intend to become a vehicle manufacturer  the company's managing director for Germany  Austria and Switzerland said on Tuesday at the Frankfurt auto show."
"Google does not intend to become a carmaker - executive " "FRANKFURT  Sept 15 Google Inc. does not intend to become a vehicle manufacturer  the company's managing director for Germany  Austria and Switzerland said on Tuesday at the Frankfurt auto show."
"NIMH director to leave for Google Life Sciences " "National Institutes of Mental Health (NIMH) director Dr Tom Insel said he will step down in November and join Google Inc's life sciences division."
"NIMH director to leave for Google Life Sciences " "Sept 15 National Institutes of Mental Health (NIMH) director Dr Tom Insel said he will step down in November and join Google Inc's life sciences division."
"Exclusive: Shopify  Google boosting presence in BlackBerry's hometown " "TORONTO Tech giants such as Google Inc  and upstarts like Shopify Inc   are rapidly expanding their presence in and around BlackBerry's  hometown of Waterloo  Ontario  even as the smartphone maker further pares back some of its teams."
"France rejects Google appeal on cleaning up search results globally " "PARIS French data privacy regulators took a step towards sanctioning Google  by rejecting the company's request to drop a case against it for refusing to clean up information from its search engine results."
"France rejects Google appeal on cleaning up search results globally " "PARIS  Sept 21 French data privacy regulators took a step towards sanctioning Google by rejecting the company's request to drop a case against it for refusing to clean up information from its search engine results."
"Google faces renewed U.S. antitrust scrutiny  this time over Android " "WASHINGTON The U.S. Federal Trade Commission has opened a preliminary investigation into whether Google Inc  uses its Android operating system to dominate competitors as more consumers go mobile  two sources familiar with the matter said on Friday."
"Google faces renewed U.S. antitrust scrutiny  this time over Android " "WASHINGTON The U.S. Federal Trade Commission has opened a preliminary investigation into whether Google Inc  uses its Android operating system to dominate competitors as more consumers go mobile  two sources familiar with the matter said on Friday."
"Google  Samsung defeat anti-piracy infringement claims " "A Texas federal jury on Wednesday rejected an investment firm's patent infringement claims over the anti-piracy features of Android smartphones and the Google Play app and content service."
"UPDATE 1-Google mobile Android operating system under U.S. antitrust scanner " "Sept 25 The U.S. Federal Trade Commission is investigating whether Google Inc is using its Android mobile operating system to stifle competition  a source familiar with the matter said on Friday."
"UPDATE 3-Google faces renewed U.S. antitrust scrutiny  this time over Android " "WASHINGTON  Sept 25 The U.S. Federal Trade Commission has opened a preliminary investigation into whether Google Inc uses its Android operating system to dominate competitors as more consumers go mobile  two sources familiar with the matter said on Friday."
"PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - Sept 28 " "Sept 28 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy."
"Google unveils latest Nexus phones  tablet " "Google Inc unveiled its new Nexus phones on Tuesday in its latest attempt to take a bite out of Apple's dominant share of the smartphone market."
"Google unveils latest Nexus phones  tablet " "Google Inc  unveiled its new Nexus phones on Tuesday in its latest attempt to take a bite out of Apple's dominant share of the smartphone market."
"Google unveils two Nexus smartphones " "Sept 29 Google Inc unveiled its new Nexus smartphones on Tuesday  the Nexus 6P and the Nexus 5X."
"UPDATE 3-Google unveils latest Nexus phones  tablet " "Sept 29 Google Inc unveiled its new Nexus phones on Tuesday in its latest attempt to take a bite out of Apple's dominant share of the smartphone market."
"Hillary Clinton aides worried about private email use in 2011 " "NEW YORK/WASHINGTON A hacking attack on Google's Gmail service in 2011 prompted Hillary Clinton and her aides to worry about the security of private email accounts widely used by government officials who found their ""antiquated"" government-issued laptops inefficient."
"REFILE-UPDATE 1-Hillary Clinton aides worried about private email use in 2011 " "NEW YORK/WASHINGTON  Sept 30 A 2011 hacking attack of Google Inc's Gmail prompted Hillary Clinton and her top aides to worry about ""antiquated"" government-issued laptops and the security of private email accounts widely used by government officials."
"UPDATE 2-Hillary Clinton aides worried about private email use in 2011 " "NEW YORK/WASHINGTON  Sept 30 A hacking attack on Google's Gmail service in 2011 prompted Hillary Clinton and her aides to worry about the security of private email accounts widely used by government officials who found their ""antiquated"" government-issued laptops inefficient."
"MOVES-Two Sigma names Google's Spector as chief technology officer " "Oct 1 Hedge fund Two Sigma hired Google Inc's  Alfred Spector as chief technology officer and head of its engineering unit  effective immediately."
"Bye bye Google  hello Alphabet " "After U.S. markets closed on Friday  Alphabet replaced Google as the publicly traded company that will house Google's search and Web advertising businesses  maps  YouTube and its ""moonshot"" ventures such as driverless cars."
"Bye bye Google  hello Alphabet " "After U.S. markets closed on Friday  Alphabet replaced Google as the publicly traded company that will house Google's search and Web advertising businesses  maps  YouTube and its ""moonshot"" ventures such as driverless cars."
"Bye bye Google  hello Alphabet " "Oct 2 Google Inc is on the verge of morphing into Alphabet Inc."
"CORRECTED-UPDATE 1-Bye bye Google  hello Alphabet " "After U.S. markets closed on Friday  Alphabet replaced Google as the publicly traded company that will house Google's search and Web advertising businesses  maps  YouTube and its ""moonshot"" ventures such as driverless cars."
"Bye bye Google  hello Alphabet " "After U.S. markets closed on Friday  Alphabet replaced Google as the publicly traded company that will house Google's search and Web advertising businesses  maps  YouTube and its ""moonshot"" ventures such as driverless cars."
"Google takes stake in Wall Street-backed chat company Symphony - WSJ " "Oct 5 Google  which has now morphed into holding company Alphabet Inc  took a stake in Symphony Communication Services LLC in a fundraising round that values the messaging startup at $650 million  the Wall Street Journal reported."
"Russia says Google must correct contracts with mobile manufacturers by Nov 18 - IFX " "MOSCOW  Oct 5 Russia's anti-monopoly agency said on Monday that Google Inc must correct its contracts with mobile manufacturers by Nov. 18  Interfax news agency reported."
"Russia says Google must correct contracts with mobile manufacturers by November 18 " "MOSCOW Russia's anti-monopoly agency said on Monday that Google Inc had until Nov. 18 to address charges that it was abusing its market position in the country."
"Shares of Alphabet  the new Google  rise slightly in early trade " "Oct 5 Shares of Alphabet Inc   the new umbrella company for Google Inc  rose slightly in their first few minutes of trading on Monday."
"Shares of Alphabet  the new Google  rise slightly in early trade " "Shares of Alphabet Inc  the new umbrella company for Google Inc  rose slightly in their first few minutes of trading on Monday."
"UPDATE 1-Russia says Google must correct contracts with mobile manufacturers by Nov 18 " "MOSCOW  Oct 5 Russia's anti-monopoly agency said on Monday that Google Inc had until Nov. 18 to address charges that it was abusing its market position in the country."
"UPDATE 1-U.S. top court rejects I/P Engine's bid to restore $30 million patent verdict " "WASHINGTON  Oct 5 The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday rejected an appeal by Vringo Inc subsidiary I/P Engine  which was seeking to restore a $30 million patent infringement verdict it won against several companies including Google Inc."
"U.S. top court rejects I/P Engine's bid to restore $30 million patent verdict " "WASHINGTON The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday rejected an appeal by Vringo Inc subsidiary I/P Engine  which was seeking to restore a $30 million patent infringement verdict it won against several companies including Google Inc."
"U.S. top court rejects I/P Engine's bid to restore $30 million patent verdict " "WASHINGTON The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday rejected an appeal by Vringo Inc subsidiary I/P Engine  which was seeking to restore a $30 million patent infringement verdict it won against several companies including Google Inc."
"Alphabet launches code for fast loading of heavy mobile content " "Alphabet Inc  formerly Google Inc  announced a new open source code that allows faster loading of Web pages with heavy content such as video  animation and graphics on smartphones and tablets."
"Twitter  Alphabet launch code for fast loading of heavy mobile content " " "
"Booking.com targets China  U.S. growth: CEO " "AMSTERDAM After its rapid ride to dominance in online travel in Europe over the past decade  Booking.com is seeking to expand in China and the U.S.  its CEO said in an interview."
"Google says Docs  Drive disruption resolved " "Some of Google Inc's services  including Drive and Docs  which were facing disruptions for a few hours on Friday have been resolved  the company said."
"Google says Docs  Drive facing disruptions " "Oct 9 Google Inc said some of its services including Drive and Docs were facing disruptions."
"UPDATE 1-Google says Docs  Drive disruption resolved " "Oct 9 Some of Google Inc's services  including Drive and Docs  which were facing disruptions for a few hours on Friday have been resolved  the company said."
"Twitter poaches Google executive Kordestani for chairman post " "BENGALURU/SAN FRANCISCO Twitter Inc  lured Google Inc executive Omid Kordestani to become the social media company's executive chairman  the latest step in the company's turnaround efforts under Jack Dorsey  who last week was named permanent CEO."
"UPDATE 5-Twitter poaches Google executive Kordestani for chairman post " "* Twitter shares gain about 1 pct   (Updates share price  adds details on Kordestani's role)"
"Google book-scanning project legal  says U.S. appeals court " "NEW YORK A U.S. appeals court ruled on Friday that Google's massive effort to scan millions of books for an online library does not violate copyright law  rejecting claims from a group of authors that the project illegally deprives them of revenue."
"UPDATE 2-Google book-scanning project legal  says U.S. appeals court " "NEW YORK  Oct 16 A U.S. appeals court ruled on Friday that Google's massive effort to scan millions of books for an online library does not violate copyright law  rejecting claims from a group of authors that the project illegally deprives them of revenue."
"Deutsche Telekom to file antitrust complaint against Google: NYT " "Deutsche Telekom AG is expected to file an antitrust complaint with European competition authorities against Google Inc  the New York Times reported on Monday  citing people with direct knowledge of the discussions."
"Google offering free Apps for Work to some customers " "SAN FRANCISCO Google Inc announced on Monday that it will offer its Apps for Work suite free to businesses currently locked into agreements with other office software vendors."
"Google offering free Apps for Work to some customers " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 19 Google Inc  announced on Monday that it will offer its Apps for Work suite free to businesses currently locked into agreements with other office software vendors."
"UPDATE 1-Google takes minority stake in $300 mln China start-up Mobvoi " "BEIJING  Oct 20 Google will take a minority stake in Beijing-based artificial intelligence firm Mobvoi as part of a $75 million fundraising round  the start-up said on Tuesday  as the U.S. search giant tries to rebuild its presence in China."
"UPDATE 3-Yahoo signs ad pact with Google; earnings and revenue miss " "Oct 20 Yahoo Inc said on Tuesday it had signed a search advertising deal with Google Inc  providing a potential boost to Marissa Mayer's efforts to turn around the company  which also reported revenue and profit that fell short of market estimates."
"Yahoo signs ad pact with Google; earnings and revenue miss " "Yahoo Inc  said on Tuesday it had signed a search advertising deal with Google Inc  providing a potential boost to Marissa Mayer's efforts to turn around the company  which also reported revenue and profit that fell short of market estimates. | Video "
"Alphabet  formerly Google  reports 13 pct rise in revenue " "Oct 22 Alphabet Inc  known until recently as Google Inc  reported a 13 percent rise in quarterly revenue  boosted by strong advertising sales driven by YouTube and mobile search."
"Alphabet  formerly Google  sets share buyback  shares jump " "SAN FRANCISCO Alphabet Inc  known until recently as Google Inc  introduced its first share buyback and beat Wall Street's profit forecast on Thursday  sending its stock to its highest-ever level in after-hours trading."
"UPDATE 3-Alphabet  formerly Google  sets share buyback  shares jump " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 22 Alphabet Inc  known until recently as Google Inc  introduced its first share buyback and beat Wall Street's profit forecast on Thursday  sending its stock to its highest-ever level in after-hours trading."
"Alphabet  formerly Google  sets share buyback  shares jump " "SAN FRANCISCO Alphabet Inc   the new holding company for Google   introduced its first share buyback and beat Wall Street's profit forecast on Thursday  helped by solid progress in mobile and video advertising  sending the stock to its highest-ever level in after-hours trading."
"Alphabet  formerly Google  sets share buyback  shares jump " "SAN FRANCISCO Alphabet Inc  the new holding company for Google   introduced its first share buyback and beat Wall Street's profit forecast on Thursday  helped by solid progress in mobile and video advertising  sending the stock to its highest-ever level in after-hours trading."
"Alphabet set to open at record high; mobile ads drive revenue " "Oct 23 New revenue streams such as mobile and video advertising should continue to propel earnings of Google parent Alphabet Inc  whose shares were set to open at a record high on Friday following better-than-expected results  analysts said."
"UPDATE 4-Alphabet  formerly Google  sets share buyback  shares jump " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 22 Alphabet Inc  the new holding company for Google   introduced its first share buyback and beat Wall Street's profit forecast on Thursday  helped by solid progress in mobile and video advertising  sending the stock to its highest-ever level in after-hours trading."
"Barry Diller's IAC extends partnership with Google " "Media mogul Barry Diller's IAC/InterActiveCorp said it has extend its partnership with Alphabet Inc's Google through March 2020."
"Alphabet  Indonesian companies to expand Web access via balloons " "MOUNTAIN VIEW  Calif. Alphabet Inc   the new holding company for Google  has teamed up with three Indonesian telecommunications companies to expand Internet access in that country using solar-powered balloons."
"UPDATE 1-Alphabet  Indonesian companies to expand Web access via balloons " "MOUNTAIN VIEW  Calif.  Oct 28 Alphabet Inc   the new holding company for Google  has teamed up with three Indonesian telecommunications companies to expand Internet access in that country using solar-powered balloons."
"Google sued by express delivery driver seeking wages " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 30 A driver for Google's  same day delivery service filed a proposed class action lawsuit against the company on Friday  alleging it improperly classified her as an independent contractor and owes expenses."
"Google sued by express delivery driver seeking wages " "SAN FRANCISCO A driver for Google's same day delivery service filed a proposed class action lawsuit against the company on Friday  alleging it improperly classified her as an independent contractor and owes expenses."
"Google sued by express delivery driver seeking wages " "SAN FRANCISCO A driver for Google's  same day delivery service filed a proposed class action lawsuit against the company on Friday  alleging it improperly classified her as an independent contractor and owes expenses."
"UPDATE 1-Google aims to begin drone package deliveries in 2017 " "WASHINGTON  Nov 2 Internet giant Alphabet Inc   the new holding company for Google  expects to begin delivering packages to consumers via drones sometime in 2017  the executive in charge of Google's drone effort said on Monday."
"Flipkart hires Google executive to head consumer experience " "Flipkart  India's biggest online marketplace  said it hired Google executive Surojit Chatterjee to head consumer experience across desktop and mobile."
"Flipkart hires Google executive to head consumer experience " "Nov 3 Flipkart  India's biggest online marketplace  said it hired Google executive Surojit Chatterjee to head consumer experience across desktop and mobile."
"Google aims to begin drone package deliveries in 2017 " "WASHINGTON Internet giant Alphabet Inc   the new holding company for Google  expects to begin delivering packages to consumers via drones sometime in 2017  the executive in charge of its drone effort said on Monday."
"UPDATE 2-Google aims to begin drone package deliveries in 2017 " "WASHINGTON  Nov 2 Internet giant Alphabet Inc   the new holding company for Google  expects to begin delivering packages to consumers via drones sometime in 2017  the executive in charge of its drone effort said on Monday."
"EU's Vestager says all options open in Google case " "BRUSSELS European Union regulators are keeping their options open as to whether to sanction Google  for abusing its market power or settle the long-running case with the company  Europe's chief competition regulator said on Wednesday."
"EU's Vestager says all options open in Google case " "European Union regulators are keeping their options open as to whether to sanction Google for abusing its market power or settle the long-running case with the company  Europe's chief competition regulator said on Wednesday."
"Lufthansa signs Google Flights deal to boost website bookings " "BERLIN  Nov 4 German airline group Lufthansa  is pushing ahead with a plan to get more people to book via its website  signing a deal with Google Flights  for users in the United States  it said on Wednesday."
"UPDATE 1-EU's Vestager says all options open in Google case " "BRUSSELS  Nov 4 European Union regulators are keeping their options open as to whether to sanction Google  for abusing its market power or settle the long-running case with the company  Europe's chief competition regulator said on Wednesday."
"Google gets more time to comply with Russian anti-monopoly ruling " "MOSCOW Google said on Monday that Russia's anti-monopoly watchdog had granted its request to extend a Nov. 18 deadline for the company to comply with a ruling to amend its contracts with smartphone producers."
"Google gets more time to comply with Russian anti-monopoly ruling " "MOSCOW  Nov 9 Google said on Monday that Russia's anti-monopoly watchdog had granted its request to extend a Nov. 18 deadline for the company to comply with a ruling to amend its contracts with smartphone producers."
"Google defeats most claims in browser tracking lawsuit " "A U.S. appeals court upheld the dismissal of federal claims and revived two California state law claims accusing Google of invading computer users' privacy by enabling the placement of ""cookies"" in their browsers to track their Internet use."
"Google defeats most claims in browser tracking lawsuit " "A U.S. appeals court upheld the dismissal of federal claims and revived two California state law claims accusing Google of invading computer users' privacy by enabling the placement of ""cookies"" in their browsers to track their Internet use."
"Google defeats most claims in browser tracking lawsuit " "Nov 10 A U.S. appeals court upheld the dismissal of federal claims and revived two California state law claims accusing Google of invading computer users' privacy by enabling the placement of ""cookies"" in their browsers to track their Internet use."
"Russia's Yandex says complained to EU over Google's Android " "MOSCOW Russia's biggest search site Yandex said on Friday it had asked the European Commission to investigate Google's practices in relation to its Android mobile operating system in the European Union."
"UPDATE 1-Russia's Yandex says complained to EU over Google's Android " "MOSCOW  Nov 13 Russia's biggest search site Yandex said on Friday it had asked the European Commission to investigate Google's practices in relation to its Android mobile operating system in the European Union."
"Ericsson sees video driving tenfold rise in mobile data by 2021 " "STOCKHOLM Swedish telecoms network gear maker Ericsson raised its forecast for mobile data traffic  in a further boost to companies that benefit from rising numbers of consumers viewing online videos on platforms such as YouTube and Netflix."
"Google to contest Russia antitrust ruling on Android " "MOSCOW  Nov 17 Google will contest in court the Russian antitrust agency's ruling that it broke competition law by abusing its dominant position with its Android mobile platform  the U.S. technology giant said on Tuesday."
"Google to contest Russia's antitrust ruling on Android " "MOSCOW Google will contest in court a ruling by Russia's antitrust agency that it broke competition law by abusing its dominant position with its Android mobile platform  the U.S. technology company said on Tuesday."
"Google to contest Russia's antitrust ruling on Android " "MOSCOW Google  will contest in court a ruling by Russia's antitrust agency that it broke competition law by abusing its dominant position with its Android mobile platform  the U.S. technology company said on Tuesday."
"UPDATE 1-Ericsson sees video driving tenfold rise in mobile data by 2021 " "STOCKHOLM  Nov 17 Swedish telecoms network gear maker Ericsson raised its forecast for mobile data traffic  in a further boost to companies that benefit from rising numbers of consumers viewing online videos on platforms such as YouTube and Netflix."
"UPDATE 1-Google to contest Russia's antitrust ruling on Android " "MOSCOW  Nov 17 Google will contest in court a ruling by Russia's antitrust agency that it broke competition law by abusing its dominant position with its Android mobile platform  the U.S. technology company said on Tuesday."
"Google appoints VMware co-founder Greene to run cloud business " "Nov 19 Google Inc  a unit of Alphabet Inc   said it appointed VMware Inc co-founder Diane Greene to run its cloud business."
"Google names VMware co-founder Diane Greene to lead cloud push " "Google Inc  a unit of Alphabet Inc  said it appointed VMware Inc co-founder and industry veteran Diane Greene to run its cloud business  as CEO Sundar Pichai pushes ahead with efforts to gain share in the fast-growing market."
"UPDATE 2-Google names VMware co-founder Diane Greene to lead cloud push " "Nov 19 Google Inc  a unit of Alphabet Inc   said it appointed VMware Inc co-founder and industry veteran Diane Greene to run its cloud business  as CEO Sundar Pichai pushes ahead with efforts to gain share in the fast-growing market."
"Google aims for China launch of Google Play app store next year: sources " "BEIJING/HONG KONG Google  part of Alphabet Inc   aims to launch the China version of its Google Play smartphone app store next year  according to people familiar with the matter  its first major foray in the market since ending localized product support in 2010."
"UPDATE 2-Google aims for China launch of Google Play app store next year-sources " "BEIJING/HONG KONG  Nov 20 Google  part of Alphabet Inc  aims to launch the China version of its Google Play smartphone app store next year  according to people familiar with the matter  its first major foray in the market since ending localised product support in 2010."
"US STOCKS-S&P set for best week in a year; consumer stocks rise " "* Indexes up: Dow 0.62 pct  S&P 0.49 pct  Nasdaq 0.60 pct   (Updates to early afternoon)"
"US STOCKS-Wall Street on track for best week in over a month " "* Indexes up: Dow 0.50 pct  S&P 0.41 pct  Nasdaq 0.58 pct   (Updates to afternoon)"
"Delaware magistrate rules for Google in Collarity patent suit " "A federal magistrate judge has invalidated as abstract a search technology patent held by web services company Collarity  which had sued Google for infringement."
"INSIGHT-On China's fringes  cyber spies raise their game " "HONG KONG/SINGAPORE  Nov 30 Almost a year after students ended pro-democracy street protests in Hong Kong  they face an online battle against what Western security experts say are China-sponsored hackers using techniques rarely seen elsewhere."
"INSIGHT-On China's fringes  cyber spies raise their game " "* HK police say drop in reported ""unauthorised access"" cases   (Adds TV link.)"
"BRIEF-Ryanair says takes legal case against eDreams and Google " "* Ryanair launches High Court action on behalf of consumers to prevent eDreams and Google deceiving consumers with misleading adverts and false prices"
"Ryanair to sue Google in Irish court over 'misleading adverts' " "Ryanair has launched legal proceedings against Google and online travel agent eDreams  in the Irish High Court over what it says are misleading adverts for Ryanair flights  the airline said on Tuesday."
"UPDATE 1-Ryanair to sue Google in Irish court over 'misleading adverts' " "LONDON  Dec 1 Ryanair has launched legal proceedings against Google and online travel agent eDreams in the Irish High Court over what it says are misleading adverts for Ryanair flights  the airline said on Tuesday."
"BRIEF-Eolus to build new wind farm to supply Googles Finnish data center " "* Eolus to build new wind farm that will supply Googles Finnish data center with renewable electricity"
"Former Google life sciences unit renames itself Verily " "CHICAGO Alphabet Inc's life sciences unit  which was previously a part of the tech company's Google X research and development unit  has picked Verily as its new name as it seeks more visibility in the fast-growing medical technology sector."
"Former Google life sciences unit renames itself Verily " "CHICAGO  Dec 7 Alphabet Inc's life sciences unit  which was previously a part of the tech company's Google X research and development unit  has picked Verily as its new name as it seeks more visibility in the fast-growing medical technology sector."
"Alphabet mulls expanding Fiber internet service to LA  Chicago " "Alphabet Inc said it would consider bringing its Fiber internet service to Los Angeles and Chicago  the two biggest cities the tech giant has worked with so far for the super-fast web service."
"Alphabet mulls expanding Fiber internet service to LA  Chicago " "Dec 8 Alphabet Inc said it would consider bringing its Fiber  internet service to Los Angeles and Chicago  the two biggest cities the tech giant has worked with so far for the super-fast web service."
"Former Google life sciences unit renames itself Verily " "CHICAGO Alphabet Inc's life sciences unit  which was previously a part of the tech company's Google X research and development unit  has picked Verily as its new name as it seeks more visibility in the fast-growing medical technology sector."
"J&J  Alphabet aim for smarter  smaller  cheaper surgical robot " "Johnson & Johnson and Alphabet Inc's life sciences unit have formed an independent company to create far smaller  smarter and less costly robotic-assisted systems for surgery than those sold now by other companies  J&J said on Thursday."
"Alphabet mulls expanding Fiber internet service to LA  Chicago " " (This version of the December 8 story corrects paragraph two to ""megabits"" from ""megabytes"")"
"CORRECTED-Alphabet mulls expanding Fiber internet service to LA  Chicago (Dec 8) " "Dec 8 Alphabet Inc said it would consider bringing its Fiber  internet service to Los Angeles and Chicago  the two biggest cities the tech giant has worked with so far for the super-fast web service."
"Google to make driverless cars an Alphabet company in 2016 - Bbg " "Dec 16 Google plans to make its self-driving cars unit  which will offer rides for hire  a stand-alone business under its parent company  Alphabet Inc  next year  Bloomberg reported."
"Google to make driverless cars an Alphabet company in 2016 - Bbg " "Google plans to make its self-driving cars unit  which will offer rides for hire  a stand-alone business under its parent company Alphabet Inc next year  Bloomberg reported."
"UPDATE 1-Google to make driverless cars an Alphabet company in 2016-Bbg " "Dec 16 Google plans to make its self-driving cars unit  which will offer rides for hire  a stand-alone business under its parent company Alphabet Inc next year  Bloomberg reported."
"CORRECTED-Top 2015 US stock funds stay defensive heading into 2016 " "NEW YORK  Dec 22 Top stock-picking fund managers won 2015 by aiming for brand name companies and avoiding the sector bets that brought down biotech and energy investors."
"Ford Chairman: 'We are in an experimental stage' " "DETROIT Ford Motor Co  Chairman Bill Ford said on Monday the automaker is open to more than one approach to building its businesses based on mobile internet connections and alternatives to traditional car ownership  including mergers and acquisitions  partnerships and going it alone."
"UPDATE 1-Google will add more partners for self-driving cars-exec " "DETROIT  Jan 12 Alphabet Inc's Google  wants to form more partnerships with established automakers and suppliers this year to accelerate its work on self-driving cars  the head of the Google project said on Tuesday."
"UPDATE 2-News Corp denies rumors of Twitter bid " "Jan 20 Rupert Murdoch's News Corp said rumors about the company's interest in buying microblogging site Twitter Inc or building a stake in it were untrue."
"Google to pay 130 mln pounds in back taxes in UK - FT " "Jan 22 Google  now part of Alphabet Inc   agreed to pay 130 million pounds ($185.39 million) in back taxes in the UK  and higher taxes in the future  in a deal that could lead to the company paying more in other countries where it has been accused of evading tax  the Financial Times reported on Friday."
"Google to pay $185 million UK back taxes  critics want more " "LONDON Google said on Friday it agreed to pay the UK tax authority 130 million pounds in back taxes  prompting criticism from campaigners and academics who said the UK tax authority had agreed a “sweetheart deal”."
"Google to face grilling by UK lawmakers over tax deal " "LONDON  Jan 25 A UK parliamentary committee will invite Google to testify about a back tax deal under which it will pay 130 million pounds  ($185.61 mln) to settle claims covering a 10-year period - an amount the opposition Labour party has described as derisory."
"Ford CEO joins IBM board as auto industry transforms " "Jan 26 Ford Motor Co Chief Executive Mark Fields is joining IBM's board of directors as the No. 2 U.S. automaker explores alternative mobility options beyond selling cars and trucks."
"Google to face grilling by UK lawmakers over tax deal " "LONDON A British parliamentary committee will ask Google to testify about a back tax deal under which it will pay 130 million pounds  ($185 million) to settle claims covering a 10-year period -- an amount the opposition Labour party has described as derisory. | Video "
"Google files patent for drone 'delivery receptacle' " "SAN FRANCISCO Google's secretive drone delivery project could include a component designed to store packages securely."
"Google files patent for drone ""delivery receptacle"" " "SAN FRANCISCO  Jan 26 Google's secretive drone delivery project could include a component designed to store packages securely."
"UK PM Cameron under pressure over Google tax deal " "LONDON  Jan 27 British Prime Minister David Cameron came under increasing pressure on Wednesday over a back tax deal agreed by Internet group Google that was hailed by his finance minister as a major success but dismissed as ""derisory"" by the opposition Labour Party."
"UPDATE 1-UK PM Cameron under pressure over Google tax deal " "LONDON  Jan 27 British Prime Minister David Cameron came under increasing pressure on Wednesday over a back tax deal agreed by Internet group Google that was hailed by his finance minister as a major success but dismissed as ""derisory"" by the opposition Labour Party."
"UPDATE 2-U.S. proposes TV set-top box competition to let in new players " "WASHINGTON  Jan 27 The U.S. Federal Communications Commission on Wednesday proposed competition in the pay television set-top box market  a move that could let consumers swap costly cable industry boxes for cheaper service through devices like tablets."
"U.S. proposes TV set-top box competition to let in new players " "(The Federal Communications Commission plans to propose competition in the pay television set-top box market  a move that could let consumers swap costly cable industry boxes for cheaper service through devices like tablets  according to a document seen by Reuters."
"U.S. proposes TV set-top box competition to let in new players " "WASHINGTON The U.S. Federal Communications Commission on Wednesday proposed competition in the pay television set-top box market  a move that could let consumers swap costly cable industry boxes for cheaper service through devices like tablets."
"Alphabet to report results in 2 segments: Google  Other Bets " "Jan 28 Alphabet Inc  the new holding company for Google  said it would report its quarterly results in two segments  Google and Other Bets."
"CORRECTED-YouTube wins German appeal over artists' fees " "MUNICH  Jan 28 A German court has handed Google another legal victory over German performing rights organisation Gema  which had sought to make the company's video-sharing service YouTube pay each time users watch music videos by artists it represents."
"YouTube wins German appeal over artists' fees " "MUNICH A German court has handed Google another legal victory over German performing rights organisation Gema  which had sought to make the company's video-sharing service YouTube pay each time users watch music videos by artists it represents."
"Alphabet changes results format to separate Google  other bets " "Hoping to provide greater clarity into the performance of its many holdings  Alphabet Inc said it would report financial results under two segments  Google and ""Other Bets "" when it releases fourth-quarter earnings on Monday."
"Google says G'day to Australian twang  slang " "SYDNEY  Jan 29 Internet search giant Google has added Australian slang and language recognition to its applications  addressing complaints that its software had difficulty in understanding thick local accents and complex place names."
"UPDATE 2-Alphabet changes results format to separate Google  other bets " "Jan 28 Hoping to provide greater clarity into the performance of its many holdings  Alphabet Inc  said it would report financial results under two segments  Google and ""Other Bets "" when it releases fourth-quarter earnings on Monday."
"Alphabet reports 17.8 pct rise in revenue " "Feb 1 Google parent Alphabet Inc  reported a 17.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue on Monday  boosted by strong sales of advertising on mobile devices and YouTube."
"Alphabet surpasses Apple  now biggest traded US company " "Feb 1 Alphabet Inc surpassed Apple Inc  as the most valuable company in the United States in after-hours trading on Monday  knocking the iPhone maker from the top spot that it has held for the better part of four years."
"Alphabet to give first peek at cost of 'moonshot' bets " "How much is Google-parent Alphabet Inc  spending on ""moonshots"" – self-driving cars  glucose-monitoring contact lenses  Internet balloons and other ambitious projects?"
"Alphabet passes Apple to become most valuable traded U.S. company " "NEW YORK Alphabet Inc  surpassed Apple Inc  as the most valuable company in the United States in after-hours trading on Monday  knocking the iPhone maker from the top spot that it has held for the better part of four years. | Video "
"Alphabet profit sends shares up; overtakes Apple in value " "Alphabet Inc easily beat Wall Street's quarterly profit forecasts on Monday  helped by strong mobile advertising sales  sending the shares of Google's parent higher in after-hours trading to surpass Apple Inc as the most valuable U.S. company. | Video "
"Magic Leap raises $793.5 mln in funding round led by Alibaba " "Feb 2 Magic Leap Inc  a startup focused on augmented reality technology  said on Tuesday it had raised $793.5 million in a funding round led by Chinese ecommerce giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd."
"PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - Feb 2 " "Feb 2 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy."
"UPDATE 3-Alphabet profit sends shares up; overtakes Apple in value " "Feb 1 Alphabet Inc easily beat Wall Street's quarterly profit forecasts on Monday  helped by strong mobile advertising sales  sending the shares of Google's parent higher in after-hours trading to surpass Apple Inc as the most valuable U.S. company."
"Google's search business chief Amit Singhal to leave " "Feb 3 Amit Singhal  the senior vice president of Google's Internet search business at Alphabet Inc  said he would leave at the end of the month after 15 years with the company."
"Lenovo's Q3 revenue falls 8 pct to $12.9 bln; net profit beats estimates " "HONG KONG  Feb 3 The world's largest personal computer (PC) maker Lenovo Group Ltd said on Wednesday its third-quarter revenue fell 8 percent to $12.9 billion due to slower global PC demand and weaker smartphone sales."
"Google search chief Singhal to quit  to be replaced by AI head " "Google parent Alphabet Inc  said Amit Singhal  the longtime chief of its Internet search business  will leave the company and be replaced by the head of the technology giant's artificial intelligence business."
"Cloud and data analytics stocks extend losses after bloodbath " "Feb 8 Shares of companies offering data analytics and cloud services  including Tableau Software Inc   fell sharply again on Monday amid worries that their customers were cutting spending."
"UPDATE 2-Tech stocks extend losses  valuations dented " "Feb 8 Technology shares with lofty valuations  including those of midcap data analytics company Tableau Software Inc and Internet giant Facebook Inc  extended their losses on Monday following a gutting selloff in the previous session."
"Google CEO Pichai receives stock grant worth about $199 million " "Google Chief Executive Sundar Pichai received restricted stock worth about $199 million  according to a regulatory filing by Google parent company Alphabet Inc  ."
"UPDATE 1-Google CEO Pichai receives stock grant worth about $199 mln " "Feb 8 Google Chief Executive Sundar Pichai received restricted stock worth about $199 million  according to a regulatory filing by Google parent company Alphabet Inc  ."
"Exclusive: In boost to self-driving cars  U.S. tells Google computers can qualify as drivers " "WASHINGTON/DETROIT U.S. vehicle safety regulators have said the artificial intelligence system piloting a self-driving Google car could be considered the driver under federal law  a major step toward ultimately winning approval for autonomous vehicles on the roads. | Video "
"Google to scrub web search results more widely to soothe EU objections " "* EU court ruled Europeans had a ""right to be forgotten"" online"
"In boost to self-driving cars  U.S. tells Google computers can qualify as drivers " "WASHINGTON/DETROIT U.S. vehicle safety regulators have said the artificial intelligence system piloting a self-driving Google car could be considered the driver under federal law  a major step toward ultimately winning approval for autonomous vehicles on the roads."
"Italy opens tax probe on Google managers-sources " "MILAN  Feb 11 Italian prosecutors are investigating at least three managers at Alphabet Inc's Google  as part of a probe into the company's suspected evasion of taxes worth 227 million euros ($257 million)  investigative sources said on Thursday."
"Italy opens tax probe on Google managers: sources " "MILAN Prosecutors are investigating five managers at Alphabet Inc's Google as part of a probe into allegations the firm evaded taxes worth 227 million euros ($257 million) in Italy  investigative sources said on Thursday."
"UK lawmakers tell Google to come clean on tax " "LONDON UK lawmakers accused Google on Thursday of trying to fool Britons into believing it was a proponent of tax reform while remaining a prime beneficiary of loopholes in existing rules  and said if it was sincere the company would be more  transparent over its tax affairs. | Video "
"UPDATE 1-Italy opens tax probe on Google managers-sources " "MILAN  Feb 11 Prosecutors are investigating five managers at Alphabet Inc's Google as part of a probe into allegations the firm evaded taxes worth 227 million euros ($257 million) in Italy  investigative sources said on Thursday."
"Google says will not participate in 2016 U.S. airwaves auction " "NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO  Feb 12 Alphabet Inc's  Google will not participate in the U.S. Federal Communications Commission's upcoming auction of broadcast airwaves for wireless industry use  a spokeswoman told Reuters on Friday."
"Google accounts show 11 bln euros moved via low tax 'Dutch sandwich' in 2014 " "AMSTERDAM/LONDON  Feb 19 Google moved 10.7 billion euros ($12 billion) through the Netherlands to Bermuda in 2014  as part of a structure which allows it to earn most of its foreign income tax free."
"Google Fiber's video subscriber growth surges 79 percent in 2015 " "Alphabet Inc's much-talked about high-speed internet service  Google Fiber  had 53 000 video subscribers as of December end  up 79 percent from a year earlier  brokerage MoffettNathanson said  citing numbers from the U.S. Copyright Office."
"More jobs  higher prices: restaurants show U.S. economy's bite " "SAN RAMON  Calif.  March 4 What does a nice meal out say about the U.S. economy?"
"UK lawmakers say Facebook may have broken tax rules " "LONDON Facebook  said it would ditch a corporate structure that helps minimize its UK tax bill  prompting lawmakers and campaigners to ask whether the arrangement had ever complied with UK tax rules. | Video "
"UPDATE 2-UK lawmakers say Facebook may have broken tax rules " "* Facebook says is compliant with UK tax law   (Adds MPs comment  academics  recasts)"
"Alphabet's Project Fi exiting invite-only mode " "March 7 People across the United States interested in Alphabet Inc's wireless service  Project Fi  need not wait for an invite to sign up  starting Monday."
"U.S. auto safety agency seeking details of Google self-driving crash " "WASHINGTON  March 10 The top U.S. auto safety regulator said Thursday the agency is seeking additional details of a recent crash of an Alphabet Inc Google self-driving car in California."
"Google to urge Congress to help get self-driving cars on roads " "WASHINGTON  March 14 The head of Alphabet Inc's  Google self-driving car program will urge the U.S. Congress on Tuesday to grant national auto safety regulators new authority to speed the introduction of self-driving cars on American roads."
"Amazon being probed for alleged tax evasion in Italy-Bloomberg " "March 15 Amazon.com Inc is under investigation in Italy for alleged tax evasion  the company's chief for Italy and Spain  Francois Nyuts told Bloomberg."
"Alphabet puts robot-maker Boston Dynamics up for sale-Bloomberg " "March 17 Alphabet Inc has put Boston Dynamics  part of its robotics division  up for sale for lack of revenue potential  Bloomberg reported  citing people familiar with the plans."
"Apple signs up for Google's cloud services: Re/code " "Apple Inc recently started using Google's cloud service even as it simultaneously builds its own data centers to reduce its reliance on third-party service providers  technology news website Re/code reported  citing sources familiar with the deal."
"Apple signs up for Google's cloud services - Re/code " "March 16 Apple Inc recently started using Google's cloud service even as it simultaneously builds its own data centers to reduce its reliance on third-party service providers  technology news website Re/code reported  citing sources familiar with the deal."
"UPDATE 2-U.S. FCC says it receives 104 bids to participate in spectrum auction " "WASHINGTON/NEW YORK March 18 The U.S. Federal Communications Commission said on Friday that it had received 104 applications to take part in an auction of valuable low-frequency airwaves relinquished by TV broadcasters      including many wireless companies who want to use the airwaves to build new networks or improve existing coverage."
"Alphabet introduces home phone service " "Alphabet Inc's  high-speed internet service  Google Fiber  is introducing a home phone service  Fiber Phone  the company said on its blog on Tuesday."
"Alphabet introduces home phone service " "March 29 Alphabet Inc's high-speed internet service  Google Fiber  is introducing a home phone service  Fiber Phone  the company said on its blog on Tuesday."
"Deals of the day- Mergers and acquisitions " "April 7 The following bids  mergers  acquisitions and disposals were reported by 2000 GMT on Thursday:"
"UPDATE 2-Verizon plans bid for Yahoo and its Yahoo Japan stake -Bloomberg " "SAN FRANCISCO  April 7 Verizon Communications Inc is ready to make a bid for Yahoo's web business  and hopes to make a merger more successful by also making an offer for a stake in Yahoo's Japan subsidiary  Bloomberg reported on Thursday  citing a source familiar with the matter."
"Verizon plans bid for Yahoo  Google weighs offer - Bloomberg " "April 7 Verizon Communications Inc plans to make a first-round bid for Yahoo Inc's web business next week  Bloomberg reported  citing people familiar with the matter."
"Adobe issues emergency update to Flash after ransomware attacks " "BOSTON  April 7 Adobe Systems Inc  issued an emergency update on Thursday to its widely used Flash software for Internet browsers after researchers discovered a security flaw that was being exploited to deliver ransomware to Windows PCs."
"Obama urges agency to open competition in cable TV boxes " "WASHINGTON  April 15 The Obama administration on Friday weighed into the debate over allowing consumers to switch pricey cable television boxes for less expensive devices  urging an agency to set an example for other parts of government to boost competition."
"TIMELINE-Google wins some  loses some in global antitrust battles " "FRANKFURT  April 19 For more than a decade  Internet search and advertising giant Google  now a unit of holding company Alphabet Inc  has sparred with competitors in an expanding range of industries from Internet to media to telecoms to automobiles."
"Timeline: Google wins some  loses some in global antitrust battles " "FRANKFURT For more than a decade  Internet search and advertising giant Google  now a unit of holding company Alphabet Inc  has sparred with competitors in an expanding range of industries from Internet to media to telecoms to automobiles."
"Alphabet's quarterly revenue rises 17.4 pct " "April 21 Google's parent Alphabet Inc  reported a 17.4 percent rise in quarterly revenue  driven by strong advertising sales on mobile devices."
"BRIEF-Alphabet reports 1st-qtr adj earnings of $7.50/shr " "* Q1 Google segment revenue $20.09 billion versus $17.18 billion last year"
"CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-Google's parent Alphabet misses Wall Street view " "April 21 Google's parent Alphabet Inc  missed Wall Street targets for first-quarter profit and revenue on Thursday  driving shares of the Web search company down more than 4 percent in late trading on Thursday."
"BRIEF-Moody's comments on EU's antitrust charges against Alphabet " "* Moody's says the European Union's new antitrust charges against Alphabet will not likely impact its AA2 credit ratings"
"Microsoft  Google agree to drop complaints against each other " "April 22 Microsoft Corp and Alphabet Inc's Google have reached a deal to withdraw all the regulatory complaints against each other  the companies told Reuters."
"Microsoft  Google agree to drop complaints against each other " "Microsoft Corp and Alphabet Inc's  Google have reached a deal to withdraw all the regulatory complaints against each other  the companies told Reuters."
"Microsoft  Google agree to drop complaints against each other " "Microsoft Corp and Alphabet Inc's Google have reached a deal to withdraw all the regulatory complaints against each other  the companies told Reuters."
"US STOCKS-Wall Street ends flat; Alphabet and Microsoft tumble " "* Alphabet has worst day since 2012; Microsoft drags on indexes"
"US STOCKS-Wall Street mixed as Alphabet  Microsoft tumble " "* Indexes: Dow +0.04 pct  S&P -0.12 pct  Nasdaq -0.99 pct   (Updates to afternoon)"
"BRIEF-Alphabet announces 84 pct final participation in exchange offers " "* Alphabet Inc. announces 84 pct final participation in exchange offers and consent solicitations  Source text for Eikon:  Further company coverage:    (Bengaluru Newsroom: +1 646 223 8780)"
"BRIEF-S&P rates Alphabet's Senior unsecured notes 'AA' issue-level rating " "* Alphabet Inc. Senior unsecured notes assigned 'AA' issue-level rating following Google Inc. Note exchange offer  Source (http://bit.ly/1WopBQF) Further company coverage:"
"Google  Ford  Uber launch coalition to further self-driving cars " "WASHINGTON Alphabet Inc's Google unit   Ford Motor Co   the ride-sharing service Uber [UBER.UL] and two other companies said on Tuesday they are forming a coalition to push for federal action to help speed self-driving cars to market."
"UPDATE 4-Apple's 9-year iPhone juggernaut stops with first sales decline " "April 26 Apple Inc on Tuesday posted its first-ever decline in iPhone sales and its first revenue drop in 13 years as the company credited with inventing the smartphone struggles with an increasingly saturated market."
"Fiat Chrysler  Alphabet in technology partnership talks: WSJ " "Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV is in late-stage talks with Alphabet Inc's self-driving car division for a technology partnership  the Wall Street Journal reported  citing a person familiar with the discussions."
"REFILE-UPDATE 4-Facebook revenue smashes expectations as mobile ad sales surge " "April 27 Facebook Inc's quarterly revenue rose more than 50 percent  handily beating Wall Street expectations as its wildly popular mobile app and a push into live video lured new advertisers and encouraged existing ones to boost spending."
"BRIEF-Alphabet says Canadian Competition Bureau closed antitrust probe " "* In April 2016  the Canadian Competition Bureau informed co that it was closing its antitrust investigations of co's business practices  Source text for Eikon: [(http://1.usa.gov/1Tt12Ny )] Further company coverage:    (Bengaluru Newsroom: +1 646 223 8780)"
"Digital farming could spell shake-up for crop chemicals sector " " (Corrects May 4 story to show AgFunder is an online investment platform  not a market research firm  paragraph 19.)"
"FTC taking second look at Google search - Politico " "May 11 The U.S. Federal Trade Commission officials are asking questions again about whether Alphabet Inc's Google has abused its dominance in the Internet search market  Politico reported  citing sources familiar with the discussions."
"FTC taking second look at Google search: Politico " "The U.S. Federal Trade Commission officials are asking questions again about whether Alphabet Inc's Google has abused its dominance in the Internet search market  Politico reported  citing sources familiar with the discussions."
"BRIEF-Third Point LLC takes share stake in Alphabet Inc - SEC Filing " "Third Point Takes Share Stake Of 700 000 Class A Shares In Alphabet Inc - SEC Filing"
"Dan Loeb's Third Point adds 700 000 shares of Alphabet: filing " "NEW YORK Dan Loeb's hedge fund Third Point LLC bought more than a half a million Class A share position of Google parent Alphabet Inc  according to a Securities and Exchange Commission filing late Friday."
"Google unveils Google Home  looks to compete with Amazon's Echo " "May 18 Google  a unit of Alphabet Inc  unveiled a new hardware device called Google Home at the company's annual conference on Wednesday."
"PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - May 18 " "May 18 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy."
"Google doubles down on artificial intelligence with Home and Allo " "MOUNTAIN VIEW  California Alphabet's Google Inc  unveiled its answer to Amazon's  Alexa virtual assistant along with new messaging and virtual reality products at its annual I/O developer conference on Wednesday  doubling down on artificial intelligence and machine learning as the keys to its future. | Video "
"UPDATE 3-Investigators raid Google Paris HQ in tax evasion inquiry " "PARIS  May 24 Dozens of French police raided Google's Paris headquarters on Tuesday  escalating an investigation into the digital giant on suspicion of tax evasion."
"For some U.S. companies  millennials are giving way to Generation Z " "NEW YORK  May 25 A small but growing number of companies are starting to target Generation Z - the 69 million high school-age kids and younger who will soon outnumber the millennials before them - and they are not just pitching typical teen products such as acne creams and video games."
"REFILE-UPDATE 2-Microsoft  Facebook to build transatlantic subsea cable " "May 26 Microsoft Corp and Facebook Inc  have agreed to jointly build a subsea cable across the Atlantic Ocean to meet growing demand for high-speed cloud and online services."
"BRIEF-Moody's says Alphabet's victory in code copyright case is credit positive " "* Moody's says alphabet inc.'s victory in code copyright case is credit positive; ratings unchanged"
"Russian watchdog again puts off decision on Google fine " "MOSCOW  May 31 Russia's state competition watchdog has again postponed a decision on a possible fine on Alphabet Inc's Google  the agency said on Tuesday."
"Russian watchdog again puts off decision on Google fine " "MOSCOW Russia's state competition watchdog has again postponed a decision on a possible fine on Alphabet Inc's Google  the agency said on Tuesday."
"Toyota in talks to buy robotics divisions from Alphabet -Nikkei " "TOKYO  June 1 Toyota Motor Corp is in talks to buy two robotics divisions from Google parent Alphabet Inc  the Nikkei reported on Wednesday."
"Toyota in talks to buy robotics divisions from Alphabet: Nikkei " "TOKYO Toyota Motor Corp is in talks to buy two robotics divisions from Google parent Alphabet Inc  the Nikkei reported on Wednesday."
"Alphabet Inc unit Nest's CEO to step down " "June 3 Alphabet Inc unit Nest  which makes smart thermostats  said Chief Executive Tony Fadell would step down."
"Tiger Global climbs in May  other funds post gains as well " "BOSTON Investment firm Tiger Global  known for making big bets on technology companies  told clients on Thursday that its hedge fund climbed 2.3 percent last month  helping shrink its year-to-date losses  a source familiar with the numbers said."
"UPDATE 2-CEO of Alphabet Inc's Nest unit steps down " "June 3 Tony Fadell  a well-known Silicon Valley executive who was once  expected to play a central role in Alphabet Inc's hardware efforts  has stepped down as chief executive of the search giant's Nest unit  the company said."
"UPDATE 2-Tiger Global climbs in May  other funds post gains as well " "BOSTON  June 3 Investment firm Tiger Global  known for making big bets on technology companies  told clients on Thursday that its hedge fund climbed 2.3 percent last month  helping shrink its year-to-date losses  a source familiar with the numbers said."
"GM CEO says keep steering wheels  brakes in self-driving cars " "DETROIT  June 7 General Motors Co Chief Executive Mary Barra on Tuesday said she believes self-driving vehicles should keep steering wheels and brakes and accelerators in them as the technology develops."
"Congress scrutinizes pay TV billing  competitive practices " "WASHINGTON  June 9 A U.S. Senate panel disclosed Thursday it is investigating pay TV competition and customer service issues and will call executives from top cable and satellite providers to testify."
"UPDATE 1-U.S. Congress scrutinizes pay TV billing  competitive practices " "WASHINGTON  June 9 A U.S. Senate panel disclosed Thursday it is investigating pay TV competition and customer service issues and will call executives from top cable and satellite providers to testify."
"U.S. Congress scrutinizes pay TV billing  competitive practices " "WASHINGTON A U.S. Senate panel disclosed Thursday it is investigating pay TV competition and customer service issues and will call executives from top cable and satellite providers to testify."
"Apple expected to showcase new powers for Siri at developer event " "June 13 Apple Inc is expected to show off new abilities for its Siri digital assistant on Monday by debuting tools to let developers work with the company's artificial intelligence."
"Toyota to build artificial intelligence-based driving systems in 5 years " "* TRI CEO Pratt: AI to enable cars to anticipate  avoid obstacles"
"BRIEF-Alphabet Inc appoints Roger Ferguson member of board " "* Alphabet Inc says on June 24  2016  board of directors appointed Roger Ferguson to serve as a member of board and audit committee of board"
"Google notifies users of 4 000 state-sponsored cyber attacks per month - exec " "July 11 A senior executive of Alphabet Inc's  Google unit said on Monday that the company was notifying customers of 4 000 state-sponsored cyber attacks per month."
"Google notifies users of 4 000 state-sponsored cyber attacks per month: executive " "A senior executive of Alphabet Inc's  Google unit said on Monday that the company was notifying customers of 4 000 state-sponsored cyber attacks per month."
"Google says will respond to EU antitrust cases in coming weeks " "BRUSSELS  July 14 Alphabet Inc's Google  said it would examine EU antitrust regulators' third charge against the company and provide a detailed response in the coming weeks  adding it believed it promoted competition."
"Uber driver tells UK tribunal he earned less than the minimum wage " "LONDON An Uber driver told a British tribunal on Wednesday he had earned less than the minimum wage  despite the firm saying he received nearly three times as much  in a case that could threaten the app's business model."
"Uber driver tells UK tribunal he earned less than the minimum wage " "LONDON  July 20 An Uber driver told a British tribunal on Wednesday he had earned less than the minimum wage  despite the firm saying he received nearly three times as much  in a case that could threaten the app's business model."
"REFILE-UPDATE 3-Verizon emerges as front-runner in Yahoo auction -sources " "July 22 Yahoo Inc is focusing on U.S. telecommunications company Verizon Communications Inc as the buyer of its core business after reviewing final bids that it received this week  people familiar with the matter said on Friday."
"BRIEF-Alphabet Inc reports Q2 GAAP EPS for Class A and B common stock $7 " "* Q2 non-GAAP EPS for class A and B common stock and class C capital stock  $8.42"
"Google-parent Alphabet revenue up 21.3 percent " "July 28 Google-parent Alphabet Inc  posted a 21.3 percent rise in second-quarter revenue  driven by strong advertising sales on mobile devices and for video content."
"Alphabet and Amazon wind up stellar quarter for big tech " "Google parent Alphabet Inc and e-commerce giant Amazon.com Inc capped a blockbuster June quarter for the five biggest U.S. tech companies as their dominance in key markets helped them defy the ""law of large numbers""."
"UPDATE 2-GSK and Google parent forge $715 mln bioelectronic medicines firm " "* Uses miniaturised implants attached to individual nerves   (Adds interview with executive  further details)"
"BRIEF-Moody's assigns AA2 rating to Alphabet Inc's new senior unsecured notes " "* Moody's assigns AA2 rating to Alphabet Inc's new senior unsecured notes"
"BRIEF-S&P - Alphabet Inc.'s proposed senior unsecured notes are assigned 'AA' issue rating " "* Alphabet Inc.'s proposed senior unsecured notes are assigned 'AA' issue rating  Source - (http://bit.ly/2as1SdZ) Further company coverage:    (Bengaluru Newsroom: +1 646 223 8780)"
"Google Ventures CEO Bill Maris quits - Recode " "Aug 11 Bill Maris  the chief executive and founder of Alphabet Inc's venture capital arm GV  is leaving the company  Recode reported  citing sources."
"UPDATE 1-Google Ventures CEO Bill Maris quits " "Aug 11 Alphabet Inc venture capital arm GV said Bill Maris  a leading voice in the venture industry  is leaving the   investment firm he founded and ran as chief executive for close to eight years."
"UPDATE 2-BlackRock's largest mutual fund warns on U.S.  ups Japan stake " "NEW YORK  Aug 17 Managers of BlackRock Inc's  largest mutual fund are warning that U.S. stocks may ""disappoint"" investors  a company note showed on Wednesday  arguing for a shift to Japanese stocks as one of the few markets offering a bargain."
"BRIEF-Alphabet - Google CEO Sundar Pichai reports open market sale of Co's class A common stock and class C capital stock " "* Google inc  CEO Sundar Pichai reports open market sale of 375 shares of co's class A common stock at average price of $800 per share on August 17"
"Chinese investors buy ad tech startup Media.net for $900 million " "Advertising technology startup Media.net  founded by tech entrepreneur Divyank Turakhia  said on Monday it had been acquired for about $900 million by a group of Chinese investors."
"UPDATE 1-Chinese investors buy ad tech startup Media.net for $900 mln " "Aug 22 Advertising technology startup Media.net  founded by tech entrepreneur Divyank Turakhia  said on Monday it had been acquired for about $900 million by a group of Chinese investors."
"Google's cloud close to winning PayPal business - CNBC " "Aug 30 Alphabet Inc's Google is close to winning PayPal Holdings Inc as a client for its cloud business  CNBC reported on Tuesday  citing people familiar with the matter."
"Exclusive: Google shelves plan for phone with interchangeable parts - sources " "SAN FRANCISCO Alphabet Inc’s  Google has suspended Project Ara  its ambitious effort to build what is known as a modular smartphone with interchangeable components  as part of a broader push to streamline the company's hardware efforts  two people with knowledge of the matter said."
"CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-Google to buy cloud software company Apigee for $625 mln " "SAN FRANCISCO  Sept 8 Alphabet Inc's  Google said on Thursday it is acquiring cloud software company Apigee Corp in a deal valued at about $625 million  the tech giant's latest effort to claim a greater share of the lucrative cloud business."
"Google given more time to reply to EU antitrust charge on Android " "BRUSSELS - Alphabet's Google has been given two more weeks to counter EU antitrust charges that it uses its dominant Android mobile operating system to block competitors  the European Commission said on Thursday."
"Google to buy software developer Apigee in $625 mln deal " "Sept 8 Alphabet Inc's Google is acquiring software developer Apigee Corp in a deal valued at about $625 million in cash."
"UPDATE 1-Google to buy software developer Apigee in $625 mln deal " "Sept 8 Alphabet Inc's Google is acquiring software developer Apigee Corp in a deal valued at about $625 million  as it strengthens its cloud business."
"Sanofi and Alphabet set up JV in diabetes " "PARIS  Sept 12 French drugmaker Sanofi  and Google owner Alphabet's  U.S-based life sciences company Verily  announced on Monday the launch of a joint-venture aimed at offering patients suffering from diabetes products that will combine devices and services."
"Japan report shows Apple  Google hinder app competition - Nikkei " "Sept 14 Apple Inc and Alphabet Inc's  Google engage in practices that undermine competition in the smartphone app market  Nikkei said  citing a report by Japan's Ministry of Economy  Trade and Industry."
"Japan government advisory panel says Apple  Google hinder app competition " "TOKYO Apple Inc and Alphabet Inc's Google engage in practices that undermine competition in the smartphone app market  an advisory panel to Japan's Ministry of Economy  Trade and Industry alleged on Thursday."
"Exclusive: Thailand considering tougher tax collection rules for internet  tech firms " "BANGKOK/JAKARTA Thailand is studying plans to toughen tax collection rules for internet and technology firms like Alphabet Inc's Google  the head of the Revenue Department told Reuters  as the tax affairs of these firms comes under growing scrutiny in Southeast Asia."
"Google France boss says looking for insurance partners " " (Story corrects September 13th instance to show Nest is owned by Alphabet)"
"Google launches service to take internet to India malls  cafes " "MUMBAI Google  a unit of Alphabet Inc  said on Tuesday it launched Google Station in India  a service that aims to deepen its reach across the country  as the search giant seeks to bring more people on to its Google platform."
"Google launches service to take internet to India malls  cafes " "MUMBAI  Sept 27 Google  a unit of Alphabet Inc   said on Tuesday it launched Google Station in India  a service that aims to deepen its reach across the country  as the search giant seeks to bring more people on to its Google platform."
"BRIEF-Alphabet's YouTube hires former Warner Music executive Lyor Cohen as global head of music " "* YouTube hires former Warner Music executive Lyor Cohen as global head of music - company statement  Source text for Eikon:  Further company coverage:    (Reporting by Lisa Richwine)"
"Twitter drops 9 percent after report that Google won't bid " "SAN FRANCISCO  Oct 5 Shares of Twitter  slumped 9 percent late on Wednesday after Recode reported that Google  owned by Alphabet  would not move forward with a bid to acquire the social network."
"Twitter drops 9 percent after report that Google won't bid " "SAN FRANCISCO Shares of Twitter  slumped 9 percent late on Wednesday after Recode reported that Google  owned by Alphabet   would not move forward with a bid to acquire the social network."
"UPDATE 3-Twitter shares plunge on report bidders are scarce " "Oct 6 Twitter Inc shares plunged on Thursday as fears mounted that a much-anticipated auction of the social media company will draw minimal interest from potential buyers."
"Salesforce still mulls bid for Twitter as shareholders resist -sources " "Oct 10 Salesforce.com Inc is still deliberating whether it should make an offer for Twitter Inc  in the face of resistance from Salesforce shareholders over the strategic merits and valuation of such a deal  people familiar with the matter said on Monday."
"Twitter's shares slump on report that potential bidders lose interest " "Twitter Inc's  shares slumped more than 13 percent in early trading on Monday after a weekend Bloomberg report that top potential bidders  including Salesforce.com Inc    had lost interest in making a bid for the company."
"BRIEF-Alphabet's Google acquires FameBit platform - company blog post " "* Acquires FameBit platform that helps YouTube creators and brands work together -company blog post  Source text for Eikon:  Further company coverage:    (Reporting by Lisa Richwine)"
"Google buys digital marketing company FameBit " "Alphabet Inc's  Google said it has bought FameBit  an online technology platform that connects brands with YouTube stars to create promotional content."
"Google buys digital marketing company FameBit " "Oct 11 Alphabet Inc's Google said it has bought FameBit  an online technology platform that connects brands with YouTube stars to create promotional content."
"Google signs CBS  in talks with others on web TV: sources " "Alphabet Inc's  Google has reached an agreement with CBS Corp  to carry the network on its planned web TV service and is in advanced talks with 21st Century Fox   Walt Disney Co  and Viacom Inc  to distribute their channels  people with knowledge of the talks told Reuters on Wednesday."
"Investment banks scramble to fill top jobs in Italy " "LONDON Headhunters are trying to lure Italian bankers in London back to jobs at home  hoping to use Britain's vote to leave the EU as leverage to fill a string of vacancies at investment banks in Europe's fourth largest economy."
"UPDATE 3-Google signs CBS  in talks with others on web TV -sources " "Oct 19 Alphabet Inc's Google has reached an agreement with CBS Corp to carry the network on its planned web TV service and is in advanced talks with 21st Century Fox  Walt Disney Co and Viacom Inc  to distribute their channels  people with knowledge of the talks told Reuters on Wednesday."
"Salesforce.com CEO speaks of failed efforts to buy Twitter  LinkedIn " "Oct 26 Salesforce.com Inc Chief Executive Marc Benioff spoke on Wednesday about a pair of key acquisitions that got away  suggesting his vision for LinkedIn  was different from Microsoft's and that he would have pursued Twitter if shareholders had not learned of his plans"
"UPDATE 1-Salesforce.com CEO speaks of failed efforts to buy Twitter  LinkedIn " "Oct 26 Salesforce.com Inc Chief Executive Officer Marc Benioff spoke on Wednesday about a pair of key acquisitions that got away  suggesting his vision for LinkedIn Corp was different from Microsoft Corp's  and that he would have pursued Twitter Inc if shareholders had not learned of his plans."
"Alphabet's quarterly revenue rises 20.2 percent " "Oct 27 Google parent Alphabet Inc  reported a 20.2 percent increase in quarterly revenue on Thursday  helped by robust sales of advertising on mobile devices and YouTube."
"Indonesia hopes to reach tax settlement with Google: finmin " "JAKARTA Indonesia aims to reach a tax settlement with Alphabet Inc's Google  Finance Minister Sri Mulyani Indrawati said on Thursday."
"Indonesia hopes to reach tax settlement with Google - finmin " "JAKARTA  Oct 27 Indonesia aims to reach a tax settlement with Alphabet Inc's Google  Finance Minister Sri Mulyani Indrawati said on Thursday."
"Google formally rejects EU antitrust charges " "BRUSSELS Google  on Thursday formally rejected European Union antitrust charges of unfairly promoting its shopping service and blocking rivals in online search advertising  paving the way for EU regulators to rule next year on these issues and potentially impose hefty fines."
"Alphabet's unit discloses Snapchat investment " "Nov 4 Alphabet Inc's venture capital arm CapitalG  earlier known as Google Capital  disclosed an investment in Snapchat by adding the social networking firm's logo to a page on its investment portfolio website."
"Eye-tracking firm Tobii to raise cash for virtual reality  smartphone investments " "STOCKHOLM  Nov 7 Swedish firm Tobii  on Monday announced plans to raise 450 million crowns ($50 million) in a rights issue to invest in technology for virtual reality and smartphones."
"BRIEF-Third Point ups stake in Alphabet & Facebook  cuts in Charter " "* Third Point LLC dissolves share stake in Activision Blizzard Inc"
"BRIEF-Appaloosa cuts share stake in Alphabet  ups in Kinder Morgan " "* Appaloosa LP cuts share stake in Alphabet Inc to 472 000 shares of class C capital stock from 630 000 shares of class C capital stock"
"BRIEF-Jana Partners cuts sole share stake in Alphabet  takes sole share stake in Mondelez International " "* Jana Partners LLC takes sole share stake of 111 127 shares in Sage Therapeutics Inc"
"BRIEF-Soros Fund Management takes share stake in Alphabet  dissolves stake in GM - SEC filing " "* Soros Fund Management dissolves share stake in General Motors - SEC filing"
"BRIEF-Tiger Global Management raises share stake in Apple  cuts share stake in Amazon " "* Tiger Global Management takes share stake of 283 877 Class C capital stock in Alphabet Inc"
"Apple considering expansion into wearable glasses - Bloomberg " "Nov 14 Apple Inc is considering expanding into wearable glass headsets and has talked about the project with potential suppliers  Bloomberg reported citing people familiar with the matter."
"Google announces artificial intelligence group for Google Cloud " "Alphabet's Google announced the formation of an artificial intelligence group for Google Cloud  the tech company's latest gambit to increase its market share in the lucrative cloud computing business."
"Google says it will expand operations in London " "LONDON  Nov 15 Alphabet Inc's Google said on Tuesday it will expand its London offices to eventually accommodate 7 000 employees  up from around 4 000 at the moment."
"Google CEO to meet with EU antitrust chief on Friday " "Nov 16 The chief executive of Alphabet Inc's  Google and the European Union's antitrust chief will meet on Friday  following the U.S. technology group's formal rejection this month of a spate of charges  including blocking rivals in online search advertising."
"Google CEO to meet with EU antitrust chief on Friday " "The chief executive of Alphabet Inc's  Google and the European Union's antitrust chief will meet on Friday  following the U.S. technology group's formal rejection this month of a spate of charges  including blocking rivals in online search advertising."
"U.S. Labor department sues Google for compensation data " "The U.S. Department of Labor said on Wednesday it filed a lawsuit against Alphabet Inc's  Google unit seeking access to the company's compensation data and documents as part of a routine compliance evaluation."
"RPT-UPDATE 1-Italy looking at Google proposal to settle tax dispute - source " "MILAN  Jan 10 Italy's tax authorities are looking at a proposal from Alphabet Inc's Google to pay between 270 million and 280 million euros ($286-296 million) to settle a tax dispute  a source close to the matter said on Tuesday."
